 Got this product for my daughter.  She loves the feel of it and the fresh scent that accompanies the wash.  This is one we will be looking to buy in the future. Dove's products,as we all know,are products that contain a large amount of moisturizing agents.  This body wash is no different.The cream feels like lotion and the scent is barely noticeable.People who frequently use Dove will definitely love this product. I like the scent of this body wash.  It seems to moisturize my skin better than my regular brand,Ivory Aloe.  I can see where acne prone or otherwise troublesome skin might react adversely to this product because it does contain a couple of types of oil but I haven't had any issues like that.  My only gripe is that there was a thin clear plastic seal over the lid that I did not notice before the bottle was in the shower and wet.  I coukd not remove the seal and ended up having to bust the lid/spout assembly off the bottle to get at the contents.  I don't know if the seal is only on shipped bottles or if its on all bottles,even those on store shelves.  And maybe if I had seen the seal before it got wet it would have been easily removed.  All I know is that using different blades of my small pocket knife I was unable to remove the seal and because of that aggravation I would not buy this product. Dove body was with Nutrium Moisture washed and rinsed well with a nice texture and body feel. I liked how the Dove felt smooth and I felt clean without feeling greasy. The NuriumMoisture has a faint palm oil odor. I like dove and usually don't find their scents overwhelming,but this one was a little odd smelling to me. Stepping out of the shower I could no longer smell it,so it doesn't linger at all. Dove just left me feeling clean and soft. Finally,there is a body wash made for sensitive skin I can use! I have tried many body washes made for sensitive skin only to have my skin break out. I was pleasantly surprised when I used the Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin. I did not feel itchy or break out like I have with other products. My skin felt just as nice as it does when I use the Dove bar soap. However,this body wash says it is fragrance free which it is not. There is the mild scent that is similar to the Dove bar soap. It is very mild but if you are looking for fragrance free,you may want to pass on this body wash. For me,I love it and plan to keep on using it! I've been using Dove's sensitive skin body wash for years. I have sensitive skin,I've seen a dermatologist in the past for treatment and recommendations,and Dove works for me.The sensitive skin formula may have changed a bit over time,but it's been great and I haven't had any qualms about it. I'm such a creature of habit that I feel naked without it on the road. This wash leaves my skin feeling clean,healthy,and nourished. There might be a tiny,tiny scent,but it's essentially imperceptible ("unscented" is printed on the bottle).Do yourself a favor - ditch the fruity,scented,cheap soap and treat your skin with care. Go Dove or go home! Also,thesensitive skin barsare worth considering since bars allegedly last longer than body wash. I haven't tried them yet,though. Maybe I scrub too hard when showering,but most soaps and body washes tend to leave my skin feeling too dry which also leaves it itchy. I experienced neither problem after using Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash. Like Dove's bar soap,it really does seem to nourish the skin as well as clean it. I don't want to sound like I'm trying to write advertising copy,but this product did leave me feeling refreshed. Some other reviewers have complained that it is not unscented as the product description claims,but I did not detect any scent,certainly nothing strong or perfumy.Dove costs a little more than I think I would normally spend for body wash,but this is a quality product that I wholeheartedly recommend. I normally use Suave soap products but when I saw that this Dove soap was offered on Vine,I wanted to try it. It really does leave my skin feeling smooth and feeling clean ... love the fresh scent. I don't feel like that I need to rinse for a long time just to get the soap off my skin. If my skin glows,I can't tell because I am too pale to notice anything other than white.The price is actually pretty pricey for me. I don't like spending more for soap because I can find other alternatives. However,this would be a splurge for the winter months as it does nourish the skin. I do suffer from sensitive skin and I work in a place where the air is so dry that it literally eats the moisture off my skin,so this would be a good alternative for the winter months.It would have been rated a 5 star if it wasn't for the price.1/5/13 I don't usually keep bubble bath around,so when the mood hits me for a bubble bath I like to be able to use whatever body wash I'm using at the time. This particular body wash does not work well as a bubble bath. Although,it's hard to knock points off of a product when it doesn't work great for a use it's not intended for. There isn't really a scent to this product,which is exactly what you look for in a non-scented product. I find that my skin feels ever so slightly greasy when I'm in the tub and even a little so when I have dried off. The greasy feeling does go away once I've been out of the tub and dry for a few minutes. I guess that's the nutrium moisture. Deep clean,really soothing,no residue I guess. But it just feels weird. Maybe its because I'm used to those harsh body soaps,theres no &" "&#34;squeaky clean&" "&#34; feeling. But I guess I'll get used to it. Thisis a nice body wash for sensitive skin,and doesn't seem to promote any irritation or itching following your shower.  That is a great find,as I have dry skin; and many products tend to cause irritation. This body wash comes in a 24 oz. bottle that is about twice the size of most body washes. The price is higher than many similar products but you are getting more product in exchange. This body wash has the traditional Dove soap smell along with a strong lotion smell. It has a very clean and soapy smell and makes you feel very clean and refreshed. It's very rich and full of moisture,probably more than any previous body washes that I have tried. I like the scent but it's very strong and it's almost made be gag in the shower because the smell was just so strong. I have learned to use a little less of this body wash at a time. I expected this body wash to lather up a little more,but in a super moist kind of way (thus the "Deep Moisture Nourishing" part of the name...). It doesn't though.The fragrance is nice and it is good for washing,but since it doesn't make much of a lather,it takes a lot of the product to wash all over.My wife reminded me that I probably missed the intended use: shaving my legs. Very funny,dear. But she's right. This would be fine for shaving. So this product did pretty much as it advertises. It cleaned me gently - it did not leave my skin dry like some soaps do.Whatever moisturizers it has must have absorbed into my skin,because I didn't feel greasy. It had a nice clean fragrance. This is important to me because I don't want anything that either interferes with my perfume or is so annoyingly strong that it gives me a headache. The price seems to be right in line with other like products.I think my skin is just too old to feel soft and smooth just from using a particular type of soap.BUT,I will keep buying this soap for all the other positives it has behind it. If you need a body wash for sensitive skin,this may fill the bill for you. I ordered it primarily because it was unscented. That means,essentially that no fragrance has been added. For those that are sensitive to fragrance,this is a good thing. However everything has a smell. Because no scent has been added,you have the scent of the ingredients themselves which wasn't awful,but slightly unpleasant to me. This body wash also did not work up a good lather as well as other brands I have used. This may be due to the mild cleanser in this formula. For these reasons,I probably won't buy this again,but the consumer with sensitive skin may find this just what they need. I can't say it "nourishes skin deep down",I use a more expensive and concentrated creme for that. However the mild cleanser and clean rinse does make my skin soft and smooth. While in the shower I wash my hair first,rinse,than apply conditioner. Before I rinse the conditioner out I use a small amount of the Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash on a washcloth to bathe. I feel clean and the product leaves my skin softer than a regular soap. A noticable improvement since I started using. Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture,Deep Moisture Nourishing,24 Ounce,is quite the name. Since the last few years I have noticed the need to hydrate,moisturize,and all the good stuff during a shower. Dry skin is a little pain in the arse,and I am always on the look out for the most advanced,highly concentrated product in the free world that may keep the body from dry spells. I do not like the signs of dry skin. In some severe cases you can see the skin shedding this powder like form when scratching,which always seems that itching and dry skins are like best friends,or part of the same obnoxious gang. It is nice to jump,or better still,step into the shower and have the proper line of products to combat all that is needed. From Plax before brushing the teeth,a great toothpaste,an even better mouthwash to absolutely obliterate the great concentration of bacteria that is rumored to multiply by the hour (wipe them all out,is what I say!),and then pick the best possible soap that will wash that ass but at the same time it will deliver hydration,nutrition? (what in the world is NutriumMoisture,otherwise?) and allow you to walk out of the shower a renewed man,ready to take on the world without any fear of unwanted claims of improper hygiene.I have been using this product with a very efficient japanese wash towel (if one could call it that),that allows for the foam to multiply and since it is very long,to be able to wash your own back to one's hear content. This Dove Body Wash,once it has covered all areas (and I do mean all,for the most secret ones are definitely the most essential),and properly rinsed does leave you feeling a bit more optimistic even to the point than an operetta might be attempted,feeling fresh and for the day officially acknowledge to be part of the elite that just got out of a thorough shower. I am sure this is something that most people take for granted,but I have stood in line with some smelly characters,or pushed in an elevator,and let me assure you: I take the well washed crowd any day over the soap deficient one! Be that girl or boy,to put it mildly.Cleanliness is one step in the right direction,and If the resources are available,I would encourage everyone to take a shower once in a while,and this Dove Body Wash may not be the top dog but it certainly performs well if used with diligence. Shower Time! 4 Stars! I found this product to be cheaper on Amazon compared to the local store. This body wash lathers well and seems to be moisturizing. I have eczema and using this product doesn't irritate my skin. I also like the fact that it doesn't have a strong fragrance like some other brands I've tried. This body wash is advertised as unscented and moisturizing.  However,I found it to be slightly scented,if not overly so.  It definitely has a moisturizing effect as it almost feels like lotion going on--it is very thick.  You won't need to use as much of this as you do with regular body wash.  I found it to be a decent product--probably more useful to those with really dry skin. First the good news  My skin can't tolerate additives to detergents,soaps,deodorants and the like. I break out in a rash whenever I've used a 'fragrant' type.  Second good thing about the item was that I squeezed a little bit into the bathtub and it created plenty of bubbles.  So a little goes a long way,but in terms of truly moisturizing,it's a misnomer.  If you are seeking a TRUE moisturizer,every dermatologist I've spoken with says the only ones that work contain urea,since it allows the moisturizing chemicals to bypass the skin barrier. Just type that key word in if you're looking for a true moisturizer,rather one that works on the placebo effect. Although this is a great bodywash,and it does everything that the Dove bodywashes do,like making your skin really soft,I didn't much care for the smell. I also received theDove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounce,and I liked the smell of that one a lot better.If your skin is really dry though,I would recommend the Nutrium. It definitely seems to have more moisturizers,and if your skin is dry,it will help that in a hurry. It's a great extra layer of moisturizer,and again,you can use it to shave your legs and under arms. I've always felt that Dove is a reputable brand.  I've never disliked any Dove product I've used such as soaps and deodorants. I'm also happy to know that Dove is not only made right here in the United States,but also in my home state of Connecticut!  All great reasons to try this new product - the Dove Deep Moisture Nourishing Body Wash.I love body washes,and although I don't use them constantly,I do enjoy treating myself from time to time. This new one by Dove does indeed give one a very good feeling of deep moisturizing - you can feel it upon the skin while washing,therefore,I know I'm giving my skin not only a good cleansing but also a nourishing moisturizing treat. Another great thing is that it rinses clean and clear with no remaining "filmy" feeling as with some other brands. I get out of the shower feeling soft and clean-feeling skin. My normal family body wash isSimple Clean Simply Ivory Original Scent Body Wash,24-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 6)which does a great job of moisturizing,cleaning,and providing excellent value.  We buy it with Subscribe and Save.  However,I got the Dove Body Wash to compare it and see what we were missing over the more expensive Dove Brand.  To start,it is certainly a different formula than the Ivory,with a creamy feeling that is certainly different than the Dove.  It didn't lather quite as well,but did do a good job cleaning.  To be frank,the best word I could use to describe it would be "slimy",but perhaps that is because I am used to the more traditional Ivory soap rather than a super-moisturizer like Dove.The scent is pleasant - not unscented,but true to Dove products,it is a gentle scent that didn't bother anybody's skin.  Overall,it felt like it was moisturizing,but it's really hard to tell the difference between the Dove and the less expensive Ivory,or even the store brands which promise to be moisturizing.  Different feel in the bath,but the same feel afterwards.  I don't personally see the value,but it's a fine soap and if you like the creamier consistency of the more moisturizing body washes,then it's a fine choice for you as well. Dove for Sensitive skin body wash fills my loofah sponge on a regular basis. When I read about the extra moisturizing of this one I switched.  How can you not give it a try when you have dry skin and its in the middle of a Midwest winter?  I certainly was not disappointed.  It will be my new shower wash.  Suds nicely.  Does not leave a residue.  Will recommend it to other Midwesterners.Happy sudsing!UPDATE:  I just ordered another Dove with Nutrium I am so pleased with it.  Consistently leaves my skin.feeling soft and clean. Dove Body Wash works great,keeping my skin moisturized without the annoying film that other products of this type tend to leave.I tested it during this cold winter weather - using just the body wash and no moisturizer after - for a few days and my skin didn't dry out.I do agree with other reviewers though - this product does have a scent. It's mild and I liked it but if that's an issue for you then you might want to take that into account before purchasing. This body wash has a light sweet smell. It creates a rich,creamy medium lather.It is very moisturizing. My skin feels very soft when I get out of the shower. However,you will need to continue using lotion. I liked it and would probably buy it as an alternative to my favorite Oil of Olay body wash. Indoor heating and dry winter air turn my usually oily skin into the Sahara. I am pretty rushed for time most of the time,so I don't always bother with body lotion. I loved this body wash. While it's not a substitute for regular body lotion,it does leave my skin hydrated. Also,the lather is very rich and luxurious. One caveat,though,even though there is no added scent,it does have smell. It actually smells like the Dove body bar. I happen to like the scent so for me it was not a problem,but those looking for no scent at al my be disappointed. Okay,so you know how in the winter you need extra moisturizing? Well I now believe that if you use this product a few times a week you will no longer need multiple layers of lotion before going outside,lol.I liked the lather,the feel,the scent and as I mentioned the way it left my skin feeling afterwards. My daughter who suffers from extremely dry skin especially this time of the year also had nothing but good things to say about this product.Now I am a believer in soap buildup so I would switch up soap agents (body wash included) to exfoliate but I think this could become one of my primary body washes. Review is based on a one time use.This body was very good. It has the texture of lotion and,while it didn't lather very well (I used it with a wash cloth and saw the "idea" of the body wash wanting to lather),it felt great on my skin. It rinsed off well,I didn't feel tightness on my skin like I do with some bar soaps,and my skin actually feels softer after a single use.It says the product is unscented,but when I used it I smelled a faint aroma. I don't mind this,but as one review said,if it's being advertised as unscented,better not say it is and then scent it.Very good product aside from no lather. I'll stock up on this one. I have been usingOlay Quench Body Wash,12 oz.  I like it quite well,but I was running low and got the opportunity to try this product.The Dove body wash is slightly thicker than the Olay,but it lathers just as well.  It is unscented,like it says on the bottle.  (I've had trouble with buying unscented products that smelled in the past.)  My skin isn't super sensitive - I get hives sometimes,but no eczema - so I can't comment much on that aspect of the product,but it hasn't irritated my skin.  I do feel nicely moisturized after using the product.This is your standard body wash.  Nothing sticks out to me about the product,but there are no drawbacks either. Like many people,my skin tends to get dry and itchy during the winter. This condition is probably a combination of the dry environment indoors due to central heating and the fact that scrubbing ourselves with soap in the shower every day is not kind to our skin in the first place. Could the right soap improve matters? Well,the wrong soap can certainly make things worse.I've found that the "Men" line of Dove products are just horrible at drying out my skin. They leave me in a condition slightly akin to whole-body dandruff. The "Go Fresh" line of Dove products,however,are much,much better in this respect. On the basis of those experiences,I thought I'd give Dove's "Deep Moisture" body wash a try.The verdict? I like it,but I'm not sure it's much better than the Go Fresh washes. Looking at the bottle,I have no idea what makes Deep Moisture different from Go Fresh. They both have "Nutrium Moisture"--whatever that is... they aren't exactly clear on that point. It's probably more trademarkable jargon than trade craft. I'm not a fan of gimmicks,but they are unavoidable in personal care products for some reason. Nevertheless,I can't say anything bad about this product. It does seem like it moisturizes better (although it probably just de-moisturizes less) than other washes I've tried. It feels a tad like washing with moisturizer when I'm using it. But I'm not sure the end results are that much better (or better at all,it's hard to say) compared to the Go Fresh washes I've used.As far as aesthetics go,the scent is a fresh,neutral smell that smells a lot like your average bottle of lotion. It fits the theme,I guess,and it's fine,but you don't get any options if you like to mix it up. The primary difference I've noticed between the expensive body washes such as those made by Bliss,and the cheaper ones at the grocery store,is that the grocery store ones are less concentrated,so you have to use more.  This Dove body wash is more concentrated than most in its price class (but you still need more than you would of a more expensive wash),so if you want a good body wash (particularly in winter when soap can dry out your skin significantly) but don't want to pay a big price,this is the one you want.This wash is also a good choice if you are looking for something without a strong scent. If you are looking for a luxurious,silky great smelling body wash move on.  You will not find it with this.  If you are looking for an economical and basic clean smelling body wash then this is for you.I am one of those people who have at least 3 different body washes in the shower at any given time.  Overall,my skin has different needs at different times and different parts of my skin have different needs most of the time (sorry,the last part of that sentence might have been TMI).  What I mean is sometimes I want a really nice fruity or exotic body wash to feel pampered.  Sometimes I want a nice exfoliating body wash.  What I get with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture is a nice,creamy,medium weight body wash.While there is some lather to it I wouldn't say it is sudsy.  I normally squeeze my body wash onto a synthetic scrubby I keep in the shower but that didn't seem to be the best application for this product.  I found that applying it out of the stream of the shower directly to my skin was the best approach.  Just like you are applying lotion.  I let it all soak in for a bit and then I washed it off with the scrubby.There didn't seem to be any type of obvious coating on my skin after rinsing.  My skin felt nice and smooth so I skipped the usual after shower lotion and/or oil application.  The next morning I did feel a bit dry and did end up moisturizing after showering with the Dove.Overall I think it is a good product that does the job.  Good value for the money. I really do like the feel of this body wash. It lathers well and one generous dollop is enough for my whole body in the shower -- with the exception of my face,on which I use a facial wash. I'm not too crazy about the smell,though,and I understand that perfumes can cause problems. I would just like to have the option to buy other fragrances. The bottle is very hard and thick and it does get difficult to squeeze out the product. It helps to reform the bottle and make sure it has air in it. It will not stand on its top and,since the tip is so small,it doesn't even lean well. That being said,the top is easy to open in the shower.My skin does feel smoother and less dry when I use the product.It's a pretty good price compared to other body washes. My skin is fairly normal,not overly dry,but it is really sensitive and can easily become red,itchy and tight. (Especially in the winter months!) This body wash is amazing,it's rich and thick,you can see it's not your normal thin gel body wash. It lathers up into a lovely foam that feels soft. The smell is really nice,not fruity,not flowery,not green,but clean and fresh. It does take me a little extra time to rinse,because I feel its a little heavy,but thats a good thing,since I'm pretty sure that's what it's supposed to do. And,as a time saving bonus,I have used this as a face wash,no breakouts,no tight drawn skin. I actually loved how soft and smooth my face was after. (I wouldn't use it as a face wash all the time,because I worry long term it would be too heavy,but in a pinch it was perfect.)After drying my skin feels comfortable! Yay! I've been using this body wash for almost a week and am very pleased with the result. It's the dead of winter here,and this season is brutal in my part of the country,not just cold but the air is very dry. Chapped skin is almost a given,moisturizers and lotions a necessity.One of the reasons this product appealed to me was because it is a moisturizing body wash. So,while exfoliation is also desired,the standard net poof I use to apply all body washes accomplishes that goal. My hope was that this product,while cleansing,would not leave my skin feeling dry,and it didn't. The feeling left on my skin from the Dove is soft and smooth. I still use body lotion but my skin seems to be slightly more moisturized before applying my usual cream. I am attributing this change to the body wash.I do not have extremely sensitive skin,but whenever possible,like to avoid unnecessary ingredients which is another reason why I wanted to try this product. This brings me to my only complaint - it isn't unscented.I choose unscented products because layering perfumes from deodorants,soaps,and various creams,one on top of another,is offensive to me and I assume to a large portion of the people around me. If I wish to wear a fragrance,I will,but I would prefer all basic toiletry items remain unscented. So,the fact that this body wash has a definite scent when it claims to be unscented is unfortunate and disappointing. With that one caveat,I liked the product itself,just not its smell. This is a creamy product and does the job without a soapy feeling.This is the first dove liquid bath product we purchased.For the price it is a good deal but most of all it does not leave a chemical feel nor corrosive slidy surface after use. Dove is my soap of choice,so I was eager to see how this body wash would measure up to other products I've used. I'm glad to report it's very good. It's mild,and it has a light,refreshing scent. This Dove Body Wash with Nutrium Moisture is a lovely body wash,probably my favorite ever. It is not drying,and leaves my skin smooth but not tight. Also,unlike some other super-moisturizing body washes that don't suds up,when used on a body puff this makes lots of frothy creamy bubbles even in our hard well water! It has a wonderful fresh soapy smell,not a fake chemical/perfume smell other body washes have. Very nice product.Recommendation: Yes,very nice product,well worth buying the name brand in this case. Love it. I liked this body wash because it cleansed my skin without drying it out. It lathered nicely and had a pleasant scent. After I dried off,my skin was very soft,which made me happy considering the air is so cold and dry. I would definitely recommend this body wash and will most likely purchase it in the future. I like the lather and the clean,fresh light scent of this body wash ... My skin feels smooth and nourished afterward ... not dry.  I like dove products and this is no exception ... another very good body wash that does as stated ... deep moisture nourishing. Recommended. I have horrible allergies to certain soaps and after showering generally break out in hives.  Then I discovered Tree Hut's Hawaiian Kuku Body wash and it was solved http://www.amazon.com/Tree-Hut-Moisturizing-Shower-Hawaiian/dp/B004XHX1PW/  So I was curious... for a cheaper price,would the Dove sensitive skin work as well?  Well,it does work,but I admit it doesn't compare AT ALL to Tree Hut. Yes,I didn't break out in hives,so that's definitely good.  But it wasn't particularly moisturizing or as luxurious as Tree Hut.So if you don't mind paying the same price for 8 ounces less; go for the Tree Hut. If you want something cheaper and are desperate for something to stop the itchy craziness after a shower,then go for the Dove.  It works,it smells good and your skin will thank you for it! This is more fluid than the other Dove body washes I have tried. I use it for my little kids whose skin are a bit more sensitive than mine. It is very gentle and almost devoid of any fragrance smell. You will also notice that it produce hardly any suds. I have used Dove products for years. Everyone in my family has sensitive skin,and Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash does not cause any irritation. It is creamy and makes a rich,bubbly lather that leaves you feeling clean and fresh. I have tried other products to try to save a little money,but keep coming back to Dove. Nothing else comes close!I do agree that there is a very light (and pleasant) scent to this product,which is why I have rated this product with 4 stars instead of 5,but no one in our family has been adversely affected. If you are sensitive to scented bath products,you might want to try something else. My only fault with this soap is that ittends not to dissolve completely in bath water.But the soap does clean well and leave the skinwith a some moisture. I like this soapfor soaking bath. After using bar soap for a few months,I'd forgotten how nice a creamy bodywash could feel in comparison!  I think I'm firmly vowing never to go back to bar soap again if I can help it!This Dove Body Wash is nicely creamy,with an easy lather for the shower.  It doesn't feel excessively greasy or chalky and there's no strongly perfumed scents to the liquid.  Given that I have very sensitive skin,every soap is a new chance for itching and irritation.  Strong scents can give me a headache and many soaps leave me  uncomfortable for hours after showering.  After using Dove's soap for two weeks,my skin feels remarkably better,less prone to itching even in the dryness of the winter,and without any residue left over.I'd happily buy this particular product and use it regularly in the shower.  But,there is one slight problem.  This twenty four ounce container is big,and it's heavy!  It's very awkward to grip it well in the shower--particularly with wet hands.  I'd recommend anyone who buys this consider putting the soap in a smaller dispenser to actually use in the shower--this container is a tad too unwieldy to make it really work well.  Other than that--no complaints!Happy bathing! ^_^ Shanshad I ordered this because Dove says it's unscented,so I was disappointed that it does have a scent,and,indeed,"Fragrance" is in the list of ingredients. It's not a heavy scent,and I don't find it objectionable,but all the same,I'd rather there was no scent. It's very thick and does lather up quite a bit,so a little goes a long way. It rinses off easily with no residue left behind,and my skin feels clean and smooth. I don't feel that my skin is particularly moisturized,but it's not dried out either,so that's a plus over bar soap. With the size of the bottle,the fact that a little goes a long way,and the price,this is a real bargain. Considering that the scent is very light,I would probably buy this again. I have very sensitive and dry skin - if I don't moisturize at least twice a day,some patches will start cracking.  I have to give Dove credit for this body wash - the NutriumMoisture or whatever magical proprietary ingredient they've got in here did a great job of keeping my skin moist and smooth post-shower.  It lathered decently (not nearly as much as some other body washes of a similar price point,but enough that I felt clean) and was thick and creamy on application.The only real problem that I had with the body was the "unscented" product actually had a fairly strong smell coming out of the bottle.  I can't quite put my finger on it - it's that generic sort of clean,powdery soap smell you often get in body products and laundry soap.  It washes away,so when I got out of the shower I couldn't smell it on my skin.  But when something claims to be unscented,well - I don't want to smell anything at all! This definitely fulfills the promise of clean skin that feels soft and without that after-soap roughness.  It dispenses in an opaque cream that feels like moisturizing lotion but lathers up easily.  If the scent was better (smelled very old fashioned and chemical-like - a 'granny scent' to me),I would have really liked this a lot.  But in the end,scent aside,this is a large size and works as promised. This body wash is very good for dry skin.Does what it says,with deep moisturizing.Very little foaming or suds,but great for shaving legs etc.Rinses off easily but I'm not impressed with the scent.The scent is very weak and mild,but smells almost like baby powder.Good product for dry skin but I'd prefer a better smelling body wash. I routinely buy unscented products because I am hypersensitive to the icky,perfume-y scents that get added to so many personal and household products. (They give me blinding headaches.)  Dove body wash does a good job of keeping my now-dry skin from turning to dust,so when I saw that this particular version of it was unscented,for sensitive skin,I jumped at the chance to try it.Unscented?  Not so much.  Granted,the scent is mild,and fairly unobjectionable,but it has a distinct scent unlike a great many other personal care products which promise that they're unscented and actually mean it.  No,I'm not saying that unscented means scent-free.  I'm saying that when unscented Dove body wash smells exactly like scented Dove body wash,albeit to a lesser degree,then the product isn't actually unscented.That said,let me go on to point out that it really does clean without drying.  I won't say that I notice my skin is markedly nicer after using it,but it's not itchy and flaking,which is a blessing during a Chicago winter.  I can't speak to the hypo-allergenic quality since my skin isn't what's sensitive to additives. Yes,this contains chemicals and various parabens,but it will relieve your dry skin without feeling like you dipped your hands in regular vaseline. I appreciate that this does not have any fragrance which serves no purpose in my opinion,except to add more chemical and to make my nose twitch in discomfort.In case you're curious,the ingredients are:- water,glycerin,petrolatum,stearic acid,glycol stearate,dimethicone,isopropyl isostearate,dihydroxypropyltrimonium chloride,hydroxyethyl,urea,tapioca starch,cetyl alcohol,glyceryl stearate,magnesium aluminum silicate,stearamide amp,carbomer,isopropyl myristate,cedrol,triethanolamine,disodium edta,phenoxyethanol,methylparaben,propylparaben.If you're concerned about the chemicals' effect on your body,you can look them up yourself online elsewhere. I don't use lotion daily because my skin is usually in decent shape,so I'm okay with it. It seems formulated using safer ingredients than previous versions.The scent is neutral,and it softens your skin. And compared to the "natural" lotions,you can't beat the price. I mainly got this product for my 8-year-old son who has extremely dry skin. Other lotions,when he puts them on,sting so badly that he won't use it. Then his skin gets dryer,he scratches more,it stings more,etc.  While he said that this product did sting a little,he said it wasn't near as bad as a scented lotion and he says that he will use it. I've used it some. It is clean and light. I like it,but wouldn't recommend it for extremely sensitive skin. I have very dry skin,so I use hand lotion a lot,especially after I wash my hands and such.  So this sounded like something I could use.  It does a decent job.  It's a little greasy,but otherwise effective.  But for me the Gold Bond Ultra is still the champion.That is all. In the winter when my skin is very dry,I tend to use Eucerin or Lubriderm lotion. I was curious to see how this lotion compared to those. Overall,this lotion works well. It doesn't feel greasy and doesn't have a fragrance. It absorbs relatively quickly and keeps my skin feeling smooth. I have sensitive skin and didn't have any problems with this lotion. I wouldn't use this lotion on my face (I don't like using lotion under my makeup),but definitely like using it everywhere else. This works well enough as lotion,but there are a couple things worth noting. It feels somewhat sticky when it first dries,but eventually is unnoticeable. Also,this is labeled "Fragrance Free" but in reality it has a mildly unpleasant smell,almost like commercial detergent/cleaner. Neither of these are necessarily so intolerable to avoid buying it,but for people who prefer completely neutral lotions,this falls a little short.Still,aside from that,this is a good product and certainly recommended. My hands get exposed to winter weather almost all day every day.  My skin gets to the point where it is like the alligator skin you've seen on TV,so much so that I don't even want to shake hands with anybody.  I've tried all kinds of hand creams to combat the dryness,this is the best so far.  After a couple of weeks using it 2 or 3 times per day my hands are actually soft.  The only problem I have with it is the residue left on the skin,it doesn't absorb very well at all.  THe label says "non-greasy lotion",but if it isn't grease that's left behind it is certainly something like it,so much so that I have to wipe my hands with paper towels after using it,and even then I'm afraid to touch anything for a while for fear of greasing it up. This is a great body lotion with no fragrance.  Long-lasting and very moisturizing.  Great on arms,legs and feet.  Convenient pump makes application quick and easy.  This is a great staple for your body care items. I'm guessing that when they say "fragrance-free," they mean the fragrance comes at no extra cost,because this definitely has a subtle fragrance ... but it's a pleasant,gender-neutral scent that fades fast,so that's not a deterrent for me. The product does what it's supposed to do ... quickly relieve and repair dry,flaking skin and restore a healthier look. The moisturizing effect lasts pretty much all day with one liberal application,so for my money,this product is a winner. I couldn't help but think of Goldilocks and the Three Bears: "Not too hot,not too cold,just right," although Goldilocks was too young to benefit from this product.As I write,it is winter,and rather dry indoors; so I am glad that this is an effective moisturizer,with virtually no objectionable qualities. As advertised,it is not greasy; but it does leave a thin layer of mild stickiness on the skin. I am a little touchy (pun intended,maybe) about that feeling,but I doubt that most people are--not when it's this subtle; and it does reassure one that its protective qualities don't immediately go away when the lotion is absorbed. The claim of 24-hour moisturizing is about right,but it doesn't hurt to put it on twice a day; I've experienced no clogging of pores.It is unscented,with a silken texture,well-balanced,not too thick,not too runny,making it a pleasure to use. It has a slight cooling effect due to a very small amount of alcohol among its many ingredients. It has nothing in it to irritate the skin,such as for example Retin-A,which can be an effective wrinkle-smoother but can cause itching and redness. None of that here.I should report that another member of my household tried this product and found that he preferred a different Vaseline lotion,Sheer Infusion (any of its varieties),which is somewhat oily and slightly scented. Well,"different strokes," as they say.I am a bit amused by the name of the product,with all these descriptors: "intensive," "rescue," and "repairing." Methinks it protesteth too much! But looking beyond all the hype,it is actually a well-balanced,sensibly formulated product that makes my skin look and feel healthy. Just that simple. Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion is a great all-purpose lotion product that should work well for many people.This Vaseline lotion is your typical milky white color and is dispensed in a thin stream out of the pump.  The texture is very light and it's easy to apply to your skin as it's absorbed rather quickly (15-20 seconds of gentle application over a large area will get it to absorb).  I have moderately sensitive skin and this stuff didn't cause any blemishes or irritation during daily use for a week in a dry,winter environment.  It works well on dry spots above my ankles and the backs of my hands.  You can apply it to your face in a pinch,but if you're looking for a face lotion I might go with something just a tad bit lighter.  This Vaseline flavor is touted as fragrance-free,as no perfumes are added.  However,it still smells like...well,lotion...but it's very mild and I'm only taking a half star off because of it.  Some of the "Men" branded lotions in particular have way too strong of a scent that gives me a headache and makes me look like I'm overly anxious about finding a date.  I'm happy to report that's not the case here with this product.  The other half star is lost due to a somewhat tacky feeling I get between my fingers after I apply a generous amount after a shower.  My legs,arms,and backs of my hands are not really sticky after being moisturized,but for some reason the sides of my fingers stick together more than I'd like.  Not a huge problem,but I'll still take another half star off for that.Overall,I think this a bottle of lotion that everyone in the family can use due to it's mild scent and effective,all-purpose nature. I have horribly dry skin in the winter but also have very sensitive skin and hate strongly fragranced body products.  In other words,I'm fussy about my products!  This lotion is very light but definitely worked on the dryness immediately.  There's virtually no scent and you're not left feeling oily and slimy afterwards,even when  using the lotion on your hands.  I'll definitely buy this again! This lotion is thick,but not extremely so,and I didn't notice any fragrance.  It did reduce or eliminate itchiness and soreness of my dry,winter skin.  The only thing I didn't care for was the fact that this product left a coated feeling on my skin that lasted for hours after applying it.  It wasn't an especially unpleasant feeling,but it was noticeable.  The Lubriderm Lotion I've used on my skin in the past doesn't leave this coated feeling.  On the other hand,if I skip a day with the Lubriderm,I really notice that my skin becomes itchy right away.  With this Vaseline Lotion,I can skip a day without ill effects,and overall I think it does a better job in soothing really damaged skin.  It might be overkill for people whose skin dryness isn't that extreme. My husband says this is the best lotion he's ever used. (His exact words!) To me,I don't see much difference between this and other lotions I've tried,but I don't use it as often as he does. I got this for him because the skin on his hands was in such bad shape,and there has been a very noticeable improvement in the three weeks he's been using this product,so I'm going to recommend it. He works outside and often can't wear gloves due to the precise nature of his work,and this winter,like every other,his hands became so rough and dry. After reading the positive reviews for Vaseline's Intensive Rescue Repair lotion,I decided to give it a shot. The lotion is very light and is not greasy at all. I don't think any lotion can truly be fragrance-free,but the scent of this lotion can only be smelled right at the skin,and it only has a small hint of talc,so it was husband-approved. It absorbs quickly and seems to be rather long-lasting too. My husband uses it every day,several times a day,and he's very pleased with the results. Excellent moisturizer.  great for repairing dry,cracked skin.  It is fragrance free and I don't love the smell but it is not that strong,just not that pleasant either.  But it works well and absorbs quickly. This lotion is really good for general use. Creamy and smooth. It helps prevent chapping and keep skin supple. However,if you wash your hands throughout your day this will need many applications. Best if used after showers or bedtime. This is a good,basic lotion that I've found particularly helpful in winter months when my skin gets very dry. One application really does the trick until my next shower,and it soaks into the skin very quickly As I've gotten older (and better,of course),I've noticed that my skin was drier year around,not just during the cold winter months.  Normally,I tend to neglect my skin,waiting until the dry skin itch got really bad,flaking and painful.  In the last year or so,I have also had to deal with ever worsening eczema  and psoriasis,which really makes the regular skin problems harder to deal with.  Most skin creams seemed to be too heavy and often greasy,and I felt what I could only describe as a slick coating on my skin.  Hence the reason that I tended to avoid caring for my skin.I've used numerous products,both over the counter and prescription,and never liked any of them.  When I was growing up,our family had always used the regular yellow vaseline intensive care lotion,and it seemed to work well.  I decided to give a vaseline product a try,and choose to try the repairing.  What a difference.  In three days,I noticed a definite lack of itching,and my skin actually looked better.  I even used it on my scalp and along the hairline,where my skin conditions were the worst.  It is a light cream,and soaked into my skin immediately,no greasy feel at all.  It is fragrance free,which is a plus.  And much more reasonably priced over all the other products I've tried throughout the years.  As an illustration of the repair qualities,I had psoriasis on my knee so bad that I had actually scratched it bloody and sore in my sleep.  After cleaning with soap and water,I used a bit of peroxide on it,then lightly coated with the vaseline repairing lotion. By the end of the first day,it was looking better.  I used the vaseline again that night,and by the next morning,the scratch marks had lost much of their redness and the skin looked markedly healthier.  By the second evening of twice daily use,the entire area looked and felt much better.  Made a real believer out of me.  And I wish I had back even a quarter of the money that I have spent on higher priced creams and lotions over the last several years. GOOD:Seems to moisturize skin effectivelyGood value,lots of lotion for a reasonable priceTruly no scent that I can detectThe pump dispenses a 6-8 mm 'pearl' which is enough lotion to cover my small handsThe texture of the lotion is smooth and not too thick,not too thinNOT SO GOOD:Dries a little sticky. To be fair,I might be too used to lotions that dry 'slippery.'My favorite lotion isGold Bond Ultimate Softening Lotion,14-Ounces (Pack of 2)which has a scent and dries 'slippery.' It includes Shea as an ingredient which may be just marketing hype in that shea might not be any better than plain glycerin (the moisturing agent in this Vaseline product) and the Gold Bond lotion is A LOT MORE EXPENSIVE! I am not a lotion person,but I should be,especially in the winter when my fingers start to chap.  I love that this lotion has a pump so I can keep it in my bathroom to reapply when I remember,because I'm not the type of person who can remember to moisturize daily.  The lotion is fragrance free,which is always nice,and completely non-greasy,which is even better-- it disappears nicely in my skin without leaving my hands too slippery or icky feeling.  And it seems to be making a difference.  My hands aren't completely healed-- possibly from my periodic use of the lotion-- but they're definitely not chapping nearly as much. I have been using this lotion for a while,and it is a fantastic product.  As a body or just a face lotion,my skin has improved greatly.  Overall my skin feels smoother,more moisturized,and dry areas have healed up.  This lotion is just the right thickness for me ... not too thin or too thick,and there is no oily or sticky feeling after applying.  I am really liking this repairing moisture lotion ... works great!  Recommended. From the first use,Fragrance Free Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion makes a difference in your skin.  One pump of this effective lotion makes dry skin soft and the softness doesn't wash away wight away.  It takes a couple of hand washings to get rid of the softness that this lotion imparts.  I live in a desert - my skin is always dry,but this lotion provides softness right away.  With continued use (a few days for me,maybe more or less for you),the overall condition of your skin will improve.  The fact that it's fragrance free means that there are no perfumes to affect sensitive skin.  Neither will it conflict with any fragrance you want to wear,so it would be a good choice for overall body moisturizing.  The pump feature is a neat and clean method for dispensing the lotion - no spills from dropping the bottle.  I will definitely buy this lotion for myself and recommend it to everyone I know. My hands get very dry from washing them often and this lotion got rid of any dryness  and the results last quite a while. The only thing I don't like about it is that it is unscented but still has a smell,which I don't really like. Other than this,it is a good lotion. The price on amazon seems a little expensive so I would look at the store instead. This lotion moisturizes my dry skin and leaves it smooth,soft and shining. It is a good option especially for those who live in dry climate like me. It is non-greasy and quickly absorbs to the body. It radiates the skin well.  It is fragrance free. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone. This has been one of my favorites for about 15 years now. When I can afford it,I try and keep it in stock. Very good price from Amazon. I purchased 2 shades,(creme cafe,and golden beige). My complexion is olive ,medium tan. These colors are very similar,but the creme cafe was a tad deeper in color. A perfect match for me. The creme cafe feels like it has grit in the foundation,almost sandy.. but after smoothing it on,the grit dissapears. It has a slight painty smell to it. The other color is nearly odorless,and with no grit. Both containers were unsealed,and the original stickers were obviously scraped off. (Likely the clearence stickers). They didnt however,appear used. The containers were full and there was no excess makeup on the inside of the lids. the cost of these shades vary,but I got 2 for no more than $9.00! Way better than drugstore prices. The finish of this makeup is somewhat dewy,a healthy looking glow. If you have oily or combo skin,like me,you will want to wash,then tone,then prime your face before applying this,then follow with a powder in order to get a shine free look. it covers really well n feels smooth i set it with powder and it lasts all day :)but i think it was used because the bottle was kinda dirty with the foundation its self. And it has stickers that said "new" and they were like half way peeled off soo that was a downside :( i like the consistence,the covereage is medium,not bad not good but with power over it it looks nice i would buy this again. I honestly didn't think I was going to like this. I was fully prepared to hate it. My skin is very testy and I was worried that it would clog my pores if it was too rich or leave my skin flaky if it wasn't rich enough. I think it's a wonderful balance. I feel soft,smooth,and supple all day long without being greasy or slimy,and makeup goes on very well over it. Impressive.My only complaint is that it seems like I need a lot of product in order to make it go a long way and spread over my face without pulling on my skin. I don't really mind,but it sometimes leaves residue collected around the edges of my eyebrows. This is a light,non-sticky,non-greasy,moisturizer that will moisturize your skin fairly well.However,I like moisturizers that feel nonexistent,and this one I can still "feel" on my face.  For the record,I am new to beauty products and have not found one yet that I love.I do like this product,and though I will continue to search for better products,also feel that this one gives a good bang for your buck.Overall,recommended. I really like this cream,I would probably order this again,I also bought other products of oil of oly for other areas. I love the smell of the Olay products. This is a lighter moisturizer than I am used to but it does the job. I have extremely dry skin so I like to lather my moisturizer on :) You can't beat the price for something that works pretty good.It's so cheap I can lavish it on my neck. It helps smooth the wrinkles on my face,but it leave my skin feeling slightly suede-like.I like the way Clinique leaves my skin feeling,but it is sooo expensive I don't want to buy it. Anyway I do like this product and would probably buy it again. A little of this cream goes a long way. I was concerned that it would be too greasy,but for night time use,it is not. I have normal to oily skin and think this is fine for me if used in a small quantity. I did feel my skin was soft and firm the next morning after using this cream,and I feel the price is reasonable and the quality comparable to some in the higher price range. I recommend it. I have not seen the results that the other viewers have seen,but I am not disappointed in this product.  It does make my skin feel hydrated and somewhat tight. It softened my skin was very good how it made my face feel.  I think I had ordered this in 2012.  But I stopped using it because it contained a chemical called parabens. I have been using Garnier Ultra Lift Pro Gravity Defying Cream for a few months now.  I think there is definitely a difference in my appearance.  My skin is smoother and tighter than it was before. This product smells really great. I have been using it for months. The only problem is that it should not be used on sensitive or broken skin. I think I've tried every makeup remover wipes known to man,and I always come back to Ponds.  The texture of this one is perfect.  Super soft and completely non-irritating (some of the other brands I've tried are scratchy).  There is the barest whisper of a lemon scent (which I love),and the last cloth was just as wet as the first one (again other brands tend to dry out so that by the time to get to the last one they are practically dry).  I didn't notice any extra luminosity to my skin,but they are fantastic for removing heavy eye makeup and leaving my skin feeling super clean. I like these Ponds Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes,especially for traveling.  I always feel bad about getting makeup all over someone's white washcloths,whether I'm staying in a hotel or at someone else's house.  These towelettes get *most* of my makeup off and leave my face feeling clean and soft.Mascara's another story,though,and I'm not even talking about waterproof.  Just regular mascara.  I tried using these towelettes exclusively a few nights,and even though it looked like it got my mascara off,when I'd wake up in the morning,I'd find that the mascara residue the towelettes left behind was now smushed all over,under my eyes.  That's too bad.  But when paired up with a good mascara remover,these towelettes get the job done.The reason,then,that I'm giving them four stars instead of five,is that the reason I'd buy this product is for the sake of convenience when I travel. In order not to have smeared mascara residue on my face the next morning,I need to pack a mascara remover and some cotton balls,along with these towelettes. That diminishes my convenience a little bit.  Otherwise,for travel,these are pretty great! These are handy for those oops moments when I screw up doing my makeup,for for those lazy moments when I just don't want to wash my whole face. This product has a delightful,yet very light,fragrance. The towelettes are thick and sturdy. They do a great job removing makeup and can be used in place of soap to "wash" your face. I didn't find them to be especially moisturizing (I have extremely dry skin) but they are definitely not drying. This is a product I will continue to use,replacing my previous one. An excellent buy. I am pretty simple in my &" "&#34;upkeep,&" "&#34; and don't buy a lot of extras or unnecessary items,which I consider to be expensive luxuries.  With that in mind,I was glad to try these since I would probably never buy them on my own.  Right off the bat,I was delighted at the smell,texture and look of these facial cloths.  The smell is so perfectly fresh and mild,they feel soft,damp,and ever so slightly foamy,and the texture on the cloth can be described as open-weave or &" "&#34;lacy&" "&#34;. I enjoy using these facial wipes; they make my skin feel cleaner,softer and fresher when compared to straight washing,they are convenient,and have not bothered my eyes or sensitive skin.  I'm not sure if they are designed to remove makeup,but I experimented and they did remove my eyeshadow,light powder,and some mascara. Overall,these might be a nice product to have in your bathroom for a quck clean-up,but I probably wouldn't use them daily. These towelettes are very moist,and have a nice thick quality.  They effective remove skin oil,leaving your skin feeling soft.  I read that some people thought the towelettes were too wet,I disagree.  There is always some evaporation even within well-sealed packages,so the wetter the better for me.  My only complaint,and why it is not a 5 star review--is the scent. I cannot stand strong smelling products.  Women use makeup with a scent,soap and shampoo with a scent,hairspray with a scent,then add perfume.  It is too much. These towelettes are way too strongly scented for me to to continue to use them,it chokes me.  But - if they sell an unscented variety,I would love to have these around on an on-going basis. I've used the Ponds Luminous Cleanser with mixed results.  It was far too rich for my skin.  I was a bit leery in trying these but in the end,I'm glad I did.These wipes are very good at removing eye makeup.  There are days when all I wear is mascara and lip gloss.  My mascara is waterproof and the wipes removed it all.  No raccoon eyes or little flakes of dried makeup.  It took it all off.  I used it on the rest of my face and was disgusted to see dark brown patches on the wipes--the remnants of dirt that my regular cleanser did not take off.The scent is almost overpoweringly and smells like roses. That's its' only con. It's not too wet and has a quilted feel to them.  My entire face was amazingly smooth after using it once. I really like these.  They left my skin clean,soft,and not at all dried out.  The last was especially impressive because a lot of products I've used in the past seem to suck all the moisture out of my skin.There is a very,very slight soap/cleanser smell,but it is not at all overpowering,which is important to me since I'm sensitive to smells.  I do wish they foamed a bit more when used; as is you have to be very careful to clean all your skin,a task I think is easier if there is a little foam generated.My only real complaint is that the adhesive designed to keep the package closed didn't work very well.  The towelettes started to dry out,so I ended up storing the whole thing in a plastic container.  Other than that,I thought this was a good product. I really like these towelettes. The reason I didn't give them five stars is because they simply don't do a thorough job of removing make-up (eye make-up in particular). That said,I don't know that any brand does.What I do like about these is that they are heavily textured,but still super soft,and they are always nice and cool. I like to use them in the morning when I get up to remove any excess oil from my face and the coolness helps to wake me up. They don't really have a scent,either,which is nice.I would buy them again,but as I said,if you are looking for something that absolutely removes all make-up,I don't think this is your product. They are very refreshing and great for a light cleaning...they'd probably be great to carry in your purse (if you carry a larger one) for restaurants,too, as the "moist towelettes" that one usually gets are useless. These wet towelette's were just okay. They didn't seem to clean my face very thoroughly and they didn't seem as soft and gentle as some others I have used. I would say these are the second best cleansing clothes I've used.  What really surprised me about these is how moist they are.  I hate that most of the brands I've tried are really dry.  These actually had bubbles on them when I pulled them out of the package,that's how saturated they are with product!  They are a nice texture,great for a light scrub but not abrasive.  The smell is nothing overwhelming or offensive.  The thing that I dislike about these is that they seem to really dry my skin out.  The other ones I like,yes to cucumbers,is a really moisture rich cloth.  These promise moisture but they really don't deliver.  It doesn't bother me too much because I use a separate cream every night after cleansing.  I would definitely buy these again and will continue to try more ponds products. These are a lovely practical value. Easy to use..no loud smelling perfume stuff (yay!). I try to avoid products that clash loudly with my perfume. The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five was I had to go find a empty container to store it in after opening it. Would I buy it again? Yes. It was worth getting up for a container for. lol. Good product at a fair price. This product claims to remove make-up and dirt from the skin while imparting moisture at the same time. First,I'll say that I found these a little strange at first and actually re-examined the package after I started using one to make sure I was using it correctly because the sound it makes reminds me of the cloths used to wipe one's hands. It was making a sudsy sound.However,it does deliver on its moisturization claim. Before I used it,I used a tea tree oil facial scrub which inevitably dried my skin terribly. I used one cloth and not only did it extract the dirt that the tea tree oil scrub missed but it did add moisture to my skin. I'm typing this review 6 hours later and my face is still really moisturized. It's so moisturized that I'd probably tell those for whom overly oily skin is a problem to exercise caution when using or at least stay on top of your skin throughout the day to make sure that the added moisture isn't becoming problematic for you.I didn't notice a scent worth commenting on but then again,I feel that with a product like this,scent is a bell/whistle and I didn't pay attention to it.While I don't necessarily think these are a substitute for a good cleanser,these are definitely useful for those times when you are too tired or busy to work your entire facial cleansing system. I just received a package of these towelettes from the Amazon Vine program,and I like them a lot. I'd used the kind of daily face washing cloths that use water in order to lather up,but these are the first wipes that don't require water that I've tried. They have a soft,fresh scent and are plenty moist enough to remove all my makeup with just one towelette. They leave my skin feeling soft and clean,and they also seem to mildly exfoliate. The towelettes have a subtle texture that isn't scratchy at all but seems to gently scrub the skin clean. These would be incredibly convenient when traveling as they don't even require water. I definitely recommend this product for someone who needs to clean their face while on the go. I have used the Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes for about a week now.  They do a good joy of making you feel clean and refreshed.  They do a good job of removing makeup.  They also work in the morning to give your face a quick cleaning.  They are moist coming out of the package and hold that moisture long enough to get the job done.  After using one on my face I ran it over other parts of my body and got the same refreshing feeling. My skin is oily--very much so. However,washing my face four or more times daily causes my skin to dry out. An alternative is using towelettes during the day.What attracted me most about Pond's Wet Cleansing Towelettes (Luminous Clean) is one of the key ingredients is Kaolin clay. This ingredient is found in my favorite facial mask (LATHER White Clay Deep Pore Cleansing Mask--purchased here) and I've had awesome results with clearing up my acne issues.There are 30 towelettes in each package and each measures slightly less than 7" x 6". Currently Pond's has two types of towelettes with different ingredients as well as two different scents. There's Original Fresh and this one,Luminous Clean that has a baby powder (ish) fragrance. These are perfect after a workout if you can't get home to wash your face or shower. Also during the hot months. I keep a pack in my purse and one in my office.The only negative is the Luminous Clean towelettes feel a bit on the soapy side. However,after my face dries,I don't feel a residue. Also,I've had a chance to compare Pond's to other brands and hands-down,this wins. Not only in results--which are better,but in price. Thanks to Amazon's Subscribe and Save program,I'm able to currently purchase a pack for $3.97. I actually had to put some makeup on to test this properly. :)These are big fluffy textured towels,quite wet with a cleanser that foams when rubbed. This gives the disturbing impression of rubbing soap all over your face and then... leaving it there. But actually it seems to wipe off pretty clean. The textured bumps are good at scrubbing off makeup (and probably other things that don't show up so easily on the white cloth.)The cloths are very heavily perfumed,but the scent doesn't linger,so I didn't mind much. They left my skin feeling clean,but not dried out. Tolerable even without additional moisturizer. Obviously,actually washing and moisturizing is going to be better for your skin on a daily basis,but this is much better than nothing. They're ideal for travel,or the occasional late party night when you just want to get the make-up off and collapse into bed.Not that I would know anything about that. Just guessing here. ;) These towelettes are great for removing make up. They are a really generous size,and the texture is just right for getting off stubborn mascara. I like that they contain kaolin clay,although it is hard to tell that it is there. My skin feels great after using them,really clean but not too dry. If you are very sensitive to fragrance,the fragrance might be too much for you,but for me it was light enough that it wasn't a problem. Overall a very nice product. These are nice for travel and seem to do a good job. With some wipes I feel as though there is a slightly stiff residue left behind after the skin has dried. With these I do not feel that. My skin feels smooth and clean with these. Each wipe is very wet and will go a long way. Although the scent is nice it borders on being a little strong for me. If you are traveling in your car and wipe your hands with these,then eat a sandwich afterward for example,you can smell the wipe as you are eating. That is a bit unappetizing. So I prefer something with a little less scent. Other than that,I really like the wipes. These are softer and more like actual cloth than most towelettes. It feels very luxurious,but the moisturizers make it almost feel like it's not totally clean. In general I probably wouldn't buy these because of the price point,but over time I could see these being less harsh on skin. I used this for just cleaning my face when i'm on the go and it works good. Even though it does dry your skin out a little,it is a good product,even for men who don't use makeup. The towelettes are wonderful,there is a very light fragrance,the texture of the cloth is soft and non-abrasive.  I like using it in the morning since my skin gets a slight luminous glow even without using a luminizer.  The cloth cleaned well and left a nice hydrated feel on your skin.  I also noticed that it evens out skin tone.  I had some dark patches this winter and my skin was looking dull,using this helped lighten the small dark patches from a pimples drying out. I don't know if it is "pulling out any impurities" but it does clean the face quite well.  These are great if you are traveling and want to have some face cloths with you if case you feel the need to wash your face. My girlfriend gave this product a whirrl- id thought that it might be something she'd be able to use.  She said :....that although it doesn't appear to do a deep clean (I still get blackheads),this product does definitely work as described- the wipes are gentle,with a slight exfoliation,and they remove makeup without irritating my eyes or skin. I don't have any dry skin issues after using them (yay!) nor do I feel like a film of solution is left behind on my face after using them. I would definitely continue to use this product,and recommend it to others. Receiving facial products such as these Luminous Clean Wet Cleansing Towelettes made by Pond's is what makes being an Amazon Vine member such a treat. I probably wouldn't have used these items in a million years,but after trying them several times,I can see how people would like them. They're designed to remove make-up,and my wife said they do a good job of that and are thankfully non-greasy. Apparently the white Kaolin clay within the towelettes is a natural mineral that cleans deeply,and it's hard to argue with that after rubbing the towelettes on your face. The towelettes themselves are plenty moist and firm without being overly rough on your skin,somewhat similar to the feel of Clorox Wipes. Moisturizing ingredients are also included,which is probably where the fresh,subtle smell of the towelettes comes from. The peel-back top on the small package makes it easy to reach right in and grab a towelette.In my opinion,these towelettes are versatile and can be used to clean your hands,ears,the back of your neck,wherever. In addition -- and this is probably just my own weird desire for getting the most out of the things I own shining through -- I've used these towelettes to wipe down the bathroom counter and remove dust from a laptop computer and the top of a speaker. Like I said,they're versatile! I seem to be allergic to everything,so it hard for me to find products I like that my skin like also. This wipes are just the trick. The wipe is big enough to remove a day's worth of makeup and grime. The scent is light and pleasant. My face feels great after use and I can't imagine traveling without them! In comparison to Wet Ones,or other wet wipe brands I have used,these are much more moist and have suds and have a much stronger fresh floral smell that last for a long time. I like especially the  lightly quilted texture. They do a marvelous job removing grime from my skin. As an experiment,I worked outside and got mud all over my hands. Other moist toilets I have used tear easy,or I need to use a very large quantity of them. With these I got my hands mostly clean while only using 3.The soap suds on them may want to give you the impression that you need to rinse your hands off,but they moisturize at the same time and are none drying.One final note,I have very sensitive skin,and had no issues with these during or after use like burning skin or reddening. Being a soap and water gal,these would be something I'd reach for when I wasn't near a sink.  Also,they would be handy to keep in your desk on the job when you just want to do a quick swipe instead of indulging in a production.  Say if you had a hot date after work or a client meeting and wanted to redo your makeup,these would do the trick in a jiffy.  The towelettes have a very pleasant fragrance are generous in size.  They remove makeup easily,but I don't wear mascara so that might be an issue. Product includes white clay which is great for deep cleaning debris that collects in your pores that may cause blackheads and/or blemishes. Pond's Luminous Towelettes have a nice,light scent.  The are a generous in size and made of a sturdy,quilted material.  They clean my face thoroughly but are gentle and do not dry out my skin.  My only complaint is they do not fully remove waterproof mascara. This is the second Pond's item that I have tired,and I do like it,but I wish that it didn't have a scent to it. I dont think it is an overwhelming scent,but its still there and I still dont like it.  But everyone has their own comfort level when it comes to this.I have sensitive skin and this does a good job of cleaning off my day's makeup. It makes my skin feel smooth and soft. My skin did not break out. The towelettes are very moist and I do have to dab my face with a dry towel after.If these came without a scent I would be apt to buy them,and there maybe some out there,but I haven't looked at Pond's products.Overall,I was satisfied with what it did. The towelettes cleaned my face and removed my makeup without any side effects. I now get some other soap and it comes in 3 bars at a time. Cetaphil is a good brand but it is over $6.00 for just one with shipping. This antibacterial soap this great for my acne prone face and leaves no greasy film.  Very gentle and feels good.