 This product DOES have a fragrance to it.  Additionally,I found it just doesn't clean as well as regular soap.  I didn't feel clean using this product.  I felt as if there was a layer of dirt remaining on my skin and sure enough,using an alcohol prep pad,I was able to rub my arm with the prep pad and it came up dirty and dark.  After washing with regular bar soap,the alcohol prep pad comes up clean.  I can't explain it but I don't like the results. This Dove "unscented" body wash replaces the former Dove Unscented Body Wash in their line.  I find that while this one is just as creamy and nourishing as the original,this one has a lot of fragrance in the product despite its claim of being unscented.  The old version was truly unscented.Comparing this to the new line of Dove body products,it seems that they have increased the amount of fragrance used in all their new products and this new body wash would seem "unscented" by comparison when in reality it should be described as moderately scented.I tried testing this product out on my hands before trying it on my body in case of an allergic reaction,but the scent of this "unscented" body wash was so strong that it gave me a headache from just from the residual perfumes on my hand.  However,my hands did feel soft and more moisturized.A big thumbs down to Dove for false advertising and for discontinuing their true "unscented" bodywash.  NOT recommended for those seeking a lightly-scented or fragrance-free product. Until I did online research,I assumed that the FDA -- the Food &" "& Drug Administration,which regulates food and medical industries for public health and safety -- would have standards for labeling a product "fragrance free" or "unscented." But,surprise! The FDA does NOT regulate those terms after all. "Fragrance-free" products can and do include fragrances to mask the smell of other nasty ingredients.Apparently,the convention is for manufacturers to claim a product is "unscented" if the manufacturer just covered up the scent of the stinky chemicals (as Dove did in this case). "Fragrance free" would further imply that no additional pleasant scent (like lemon or vanilla) was added on top. Still,by FDA rules,they do have to list "fragrance" in the ingredients if they used ANY fragrance.I myself am not environmentally sensitive,but I have friends who are. I stay far away fromTide HE Original Scent Liquid Laundry Detergent 2 X 50 Fl Oz (Pack of 2)and Bounce 80168BX - Fabric Softener Sheets,160 Sheets/Box,but I don't expect this body wash to cause similar,dreadful problems for my friends,because the scent doesn't linger. (The scent is a pleasant,light,baby-powder smell.) So,while Dove is not breaking any regulations by labeling this body wash "unscented," even though there is fragrance added,they've let the marketing department mislead and betray their customer base,who has come to expect more transparency from the Dove brand.However,the body wash "stripped" my skin too much in the shower,so I used my trusty olive oil bar soap directly afterwards to help restore some of my skin oils.Not Dove's best effort. I really wanted to like this one.  Unfortunately,unlike almost every Dove product that I love,this one leaves a film on my skin that I just don't like.  The formula seems to be just a bit too thick.  The smell is good,but the actual use just not up to what I expect from Dove products. For allergy suffers,like me,it is imperative that we purchase and use products sold as advertised. Based on the bottle label the Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash is unscented. It is not. If you read the fine print on the bottle label it contains the word Fragrance. To me this means the product contains a fragrance/perfume/scent which means the product is not unscented.As for use: The product smells like Dove soap and it does work. Albeit the product made my eyes water when I used it.If you are not sensitive to fragrances/perfumes/scents you might like this product. For me I will take a pass.I do recommend purchasing and using Cetaphil Restoraderm,Skin Restoring Body Wash,10-ounce or any of the Cetaphil products. They are truly gentle on the skin.Do not recommend. I am a big fan of Dove beauty bars.  Every (which is not that many) dermatologist that I've run across has suggested them for proper skin care,so there are always bars in our showers.If you used these bars too,you know that they are very mildly scented and generally mild and non-drying to skin.  So imagine my surprise when I tried this supposedly gentle wash for sensitive skin and found that it's not all that gentle.  I tried it on my wind-whipped winter skin and found that it made me itchy.  In fact,there was a slight burning sensation --although the burning was on my chapped cheeks.  Arms didn't burn,but were itchy.This left me wondering where the moisture was.But the real negative to me was the smell.  It wasn't mildly scented like the bars,and it certainly wasn't unscented.  To me it had a very strong,too strong,chemical smell.  It was strong enough that I feel compelled to warn people with the kind of asthma that can be 'set off' by chemical smells to avoid this product.I can't recommend it to anyone. I have drier hands this winter than I ever have before. I have been looking for a lotion to help repair the intense damage,and so I tried this. While it helped and my hands are not *as* cracked as they were before,it didn't work as well as I expected (as I write this review,I have been using it daily for about a week).I like this lotion for my legs- if you put it on at night,you can still feel the residue a bit,so you know it's still there and it's working deeply into your skin. However,as a hand lotion,this is not it. The lotion claims to be "non-greasy," but I would disagree. While it's not as greasy as other lotions,it's still just greasy enough to be a terrible hand lotion. My definition of non-greasy is something likeHempz Herbal Moisturizer,17-Fluid Ounce (500 ml) (Package may vary),which really does go away on your hands after you put it on. And as I mentioned before,it didn't work as well as I expected over the course of a week. My hands are better,but not as repaired as I would prefer.So again,as a body lotion,I would say that this might work for you. As a hand lotion,get something else. 3 stars because "it's ok;" it didn't impress me. Other reviewers seem to like it though,so perhaps it's just my skin!EDIT 4/4/13- I just knocked down my review to 2 stars. Here's why:Another bad thing about this lotion- it bleaches clothes!!!! The nozzle for the lotion got plugged by dried lotion,so when I tried to use it last night,it squirted out everywhere. A good stream of lotion went directly onto my black pants. I immediately used a washcloth to get the lotion off,and I didn't think anything of it....I looked at the same pants this morning,and there are bleached out spots exactly where the lotion landed. Those were my favorite pants :( :( :(. Why I knocked this down 2 stars- if the lotion will do that to clothing,what is it doing to your skin??? Yikes!!! My bottle is going in the trash. I have extremely sensitive skin,so most lotions end up going into the garbage because they break me out. I found this lotion and was happy to see it was fragrance free. I used it for a few days and it seemed to be working well. Then I started getting itchy little red bumps in between all of my fingers. I knew I wouldn't be able to use the lotion anymore since that is usually the first place I break out from any lotions or creams. Very disappointed,because the price was great and it was a big bottle of lotion. I guess the coverage is ok,but I don't like the texture.  It doesn't feel creamy and glide on like I want it to.  It has a dry feel to it during application,but your skin doesn't look dry after you apply it.  As I'm applying it,it dries up too quickly,and then I have to get more from the bottle.  A little does not go a long way and I have to really rub to get it on.  It also looks streaky after I'm done.  It's hard to explain,but I just don't like it.  I prefer cover girl. This is definitely not new,The cover is broken,the product is totaly not new. I really don't want to buy this product again! Poor hydration,old-timey smell,ugly packaging. Not sure why I believed all those raving reviews. It's just an old formula it seems. There are better products from the same company as well as other manufacturers. I was hesitant to purchase this product initially due to the it's heavy mineral oil content. I had used moisturizers with mineral oil before and they lack moisture and hydration. Worse,they clog your pores. I read a lot of good reviews of this product and decided to purchase it anyway. It's just like any other cheap moisturizer. Doesn't do much at all for your skin,and clogs up your pores causing acne. Do youself a favor and purchase a quality aveeno face moisturizer. After switching back to Aveeno my face looks as good as before. It costs around $20 for a small amount but it's totally worth it.You might as go to your kitchen cabinet,pull out the vegetable oil,and smear it on your face. Only got 2 stars because of the low cost,but this product really is trash. I have not seen any difference. I saw one of the reviews saying that even her fine lines were disappearing,but to me,nothing is happening but letting my check bones a little red. It is also oily,so it gave me acne after 12 days wearing it. to greasy and made my skin break out...and i am way over 50.  never had a reaction like this with any product and i think i have used everything out there.  best i have used is bare minerals moisturizer and will continue to use and not try anything new again No effect for me,beyond being a somewhat heavy moisturizing cream.  I'll use it up because it's on my bathroom counter,but I won't buy it again. Not for my skin,anyway.  Granted,this is old,sensitive,and dry skin I'm walking around in. These Ponds Luminous Clean towelettes say they will "...work gently without drying skin," but the results for me were otherwise. After using,my face turned beet red for a few seconds,then I watched in astonishment as the skin crinkled up like tissue paper with dryness,a dryness so intense it hurt. I needed to slather moisturizer on my face to recover its normal texture. In the past,I have tried astringents that produced the same reaction.The towelettes have a texture that perhaps aids in exfoliating (though nothing is said of this on the package),and claim to draw out "trapped make-up and impurities to brighten dull skin." I have one problem area on my nose that I was hoping would look better after using this towelette (I bravely gave the towelette a 2nd chance just applying it to my nose),and noticed no difference at all afterwards. So while this product may be convenient and useful,and work the way it is supposed to for some less sensitive,oilier skin types, it did nothing for me. I can also smell the re-sealed package from a few feet away,so the fragrance is also a little heavy,and maybe this is what aggravated my skin. It's nicely packaged,and stands up in the little  box it comes in,for space saving. A very convenient item,if only I could use it. These Wet Cleansing Towelettes are not for everyone. I tried the product and it left my skin feeling very tight. The only use I can see for this product is as a quick cleanser after working out when water and a regular cleansing solution is not available. I would not recommend this product for routine facial cleansing. These wipes did nothing for my face and I found them very lacking. I had to use 2 or 3 at a time to create enough foam and soap to wash my face. The towelettes are very skimpy and really don't get the job done. I would stick with another cleanser or a soap instead.Katiebabs I have sensitive skin and these towelettes were too strong for my skin. The cloth is probably soft enough for most people but for me it felt a little abrasive. I think it was the ingredients of the cleanser component that was most irritating for my skin. After I used it,my skin always felt a little raw and pink. Not for me. I got these towels thinking they would be just as great as all the other PONDS products I've tried over the years. Unfortunately,I was wrong. Not only did they not entirely remove all the makeup but it left my skin feeling puckered. It took two towels to get all my makeup off when normally with every other brand I've used it only takes one. I'm keeping these simply as a back up in case I run out of my regular brand. I wasn't too impressed :-/