 This product delivers like I thought it would.  I love Dove products anyway and this one certainly did not disappoint.  First of all before even using the shower cleanser I noticed the nice clean smell as I was dispensing it into my hand.  It lasts long enough after my shower for my husband to comment on how clean and nice I smelled.  That's another plus!It left my skin feeling moist but NOT greasy.  This is what I'm looking for when I use a shower product in the winter months.  It's so light on my skin that I think I'll be able to use this one year round.Recommend to buy.  I think you'll be glad you did. The two Dove body washes we tend to use in our household areDove go fresh Pomegranate and Lemon Verbena Scent Revive Body Wash,24 Ounce (Pack of 2)andDove Go Fresh Burst Body Wash Nectarine &" "& White Ginger,16.9 Oz / 500 Ml (Pack of 3). However,we were offered a review sample of the sensitive skin version with NutriumMoisture (yes,one word.) so we decided to give it a try,While it doesn't smell as good as our go-to body washes,it still works extremely well and leaves my skin soft and mositurized instead of cracked and chapped as is usually the case in winter. Unlike a lot of other body washes (included some of Dove's own products),this is a non-nonsense back to basics body wash. It smells like soap,lathers wonderfully and leaves your skin feeling clean and refreshed. It's a great buy no matter how you look at it. With both allergies and winter dryness,my skin has had a bad case of the itchies recently. I find myself acting like a bear,scratching my back against door jambs,and my legs are in a constant state of torment.When I received this,I immediately tried it out and was very pleased with its moisturizing effects. What I noticed most was its neutral scent,particularly important in my case. I am also using other products when I am not in the tub,but it is nice to have a body wash that helps as well. I like trying new potions and lotions - you never know what you're going to find. One of the things I have found is that Dove Body Wash is very good. The first things you notice are that it has a nice smell,and that it lathers nicely. It leaves my skin feeling clean and yet soft and moisturized. So far I have had no break outs or any other ill effects from it at all.Yes,I am quite pleased!(Review of Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash with NutriumMoisture) Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash; Nutrium Moisture.I love this body wash.  I love body washes,and I love Dove.  Dove is an awesome,trusted brand that I've been using for a very long time.  I've always trusted Dove soap.  And this particular body wash has nutrients,and is for sensitive skin.  I do have sensitive skin.  But this body wash is good to my skin.  Dove is good to my skin anyway,but the sensitive formula is even more gentle.I love soaps and body washes,and Dove is a brand that I love for these.Highly recommended.  Everybody has to use either soap or body wash.  And this particular type has no scent,so anybody can use it. No secret I live in Minnesota and during the winter months I do a lot of outdoor activity,officiate hockey,etc. Doing most of this stuff causes my skin to become dry,itchy,and just generally uncomfortable.For years I have used Dove of Suave body wash and just dealt with using other lotions to deal with the dry skin. So,when i saw this product I was eager to try it. Being that it's winter it was even better.After using this for three weeks,hte vast majority of my dry/itchy skin issues have been resolved. No scientific data,but I think my skin feels softer and smoother as well.In the past I have broken out when trying some products. Happy to say this isn't one of them. The other thing I like about this is the size of the bottle. 24 ounces is quite a bit and I don't feel like I continually have to remember to get more due to that.The slight scent of the body wash is nice and refreshing as well. Smells clean and fresh unlike some other products I have tried.If you are looking for a nice,smooth,moisturizing body wash I'd seriously consider this one. I have been pleasantly surprised by it so far. Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisuture is a nice addition to my bathtub/shower. It's a body wash everyone in my whole family will use. It doesn't smell too feminine for the men and it has a pleasant smell to satisfy the girly girl in me.  It cleans and moisturizes. I bought my second bottle just this afternoon! So in love with this product that it will be a staple in our house from now on. I've always loved Dove soap for sensitive skin and this is more than the icing on the cake with it being in body wash form. It really does leave your skin soft and supple from use. You wont regret this purchase ; ) This is a wonderful body wash in a creamy lotion.  It not only cleans you skin,it leaves it feeling like you have just applied a lightweight moisture lotion.It lathers up easily and makes you feel like you are in a bubble bath with all the lather.  This is something I always look for in a body wash --- lots of lather.  It doesn't take a huge amount of product to make the lather,either.Dove has always made good skin products and this is no exception. Dove's 24 ounce Body Wash with NutriumMoisture (say that five times fast),meant for sensitive skin,works very,very well and lasts a very,very long time -- weeks,or possibly months,if you bathe or shower once or twice per day and use this product every single time.I've had no reactions to this product,it cleans my skin quite well and leaves it softer than many other products in the same line.That's why Dove's Body Wash for sensitive skin with NutriumMoisture (still don't know exactly what that is,but it works) gets my highest recommendation.Barb Caffrey So I buy Dove whenever I can.  Maybe there advertising has gotten to me,who knows,but I somehow have it in my mind that their products are gentle on my sensitive skin. So although I like to buy soap like this on sale,if I really need it I will absolutely buy this before I buy a lesser brand,or store brand (which is usually awful,in my opinion).  It is thick,though,so I usually use a small amount and mix with warm water before washing in the shower.  I let my kids use it on their arms and legs,but again,making sure they mix it with a bit of water first.  My skin is never dried out using it,even in the cold winter,and the smell is not overpowering at all. All in all,a nice soap. As with the other Dove body washes,the scent is minimal and nothing but fresh.  It cleans well,and left me feeling moisturized in the midst of the winter dry heat indoors here. In spite of the product description of "rich lather",I didn't find it produced much in the way of suds,which is fine with me.  My skin liked it,and the moisturizing effect lasted longer than many lotions. After having been lied to for years of my life by the male/gender stereotype marketing agenda,my eyes have finally been opened. When in college I used Axe cause it seemed too &" "&#34;girly&" "&#34; to be using anything else. Now that I'm living by myself decided to give it a shot and man have I been missing out. Don't really care what anyone thinks now cause I've never enjoyed showers as much as I do now. Great start to the morning,very refreshing scent that's clean but not too feminen Dove always puts out such good products.  This is a very nice body wash for sensitive skin.  Won't leave you itchy or rashy or feeling dried out.  Highly recommended for those of us with sensitive skin who can't take heavily fragranced,drying products.  Highly recommended. You can put away all of your Dove bars now--because this body wash is the best of them all.Goes on silky smooth.Spreads over your body so easy with  a towel or a puff.Leaves you smelling great though this has no real scent--no flowery heavy scent.Rinses off quick ,clear and cleanly.It left me skin so moisturised and elastic--I amost didn't need any lotions later. Usually I have to put it on quickly after a shower---but not with this product.To me this is a very highly done product and I salute it.When you get a chance to try it--you will love it too !! It lathers well and has a light,clean scent.  The scent doesn't linger,which works well for me because I work in an office where we aren't allowed to wear perfume.  A little goes a long way,as this foams up nicely,especially with a mesh pouf.  It does moisturize better than most body washes.  I used to useSoftsoap Body Butter Coconut Scrub Body Wash 15 oz,and if I didn't use lotion,my legs would just flake dry skin.  I was able to tryDove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounceand was impressed with it,as my skin was much less dry then when I use the Softsoap bodywash.  This bodywash moisturizes my skin as well as the Dove Visible Care Toning does.Dove clearly has a superior line of bodywashes,that moisturize better then others.  I am satisfied with it,and will use it again in the future. This is a good basic body wash. It has a subtle fragrance. It is non-irritating. This body wash lathers up well and rinses completely leaving no residue or greasy feeling. I felt that the moisturizing properties of this body wash were fairly effective. I did not feel it was drying. I'm quite pleased with this body wash. It has a thick consistency and lathers well. I'm especially impressed with the moisturizing ability - I've tried other brands that offer that benefit and they either don't do much of anything in terms of moisturizing,or are so oily that I don't feel clean after showing. This strikes the right balance between clean and moisturizing. I especially appreciate it this time of year (winter) when my skin feels so parched.Excellent product that I highly recommend. I may be a little woozy from suffering from dry itchy winter skin,but I've used this a couple of times now and my skin feels better and I'm not itching and my skin isn't flaking. This has a pleasant scent and appears to be quickly absorbed into the skin. This has no oily residue and is very foamy.I'm impressed with the results and think this is a really good body wash. Prefer using body wash to soap and this one is very good.  Smooth on senstive skin,never leaving it feeling dry or taut.  Always feel clean and yet the product is gentle and easy to use.  Definitely worth getting again. Have used this body wash before...does not produce hives as my previous wash did. I am totally satisfied with it. I already use Dove products.  I typically use the regular bar soap,though,so this is different.I really liked the delicate scent.  It reminds me of a light Shea butter.  The soap is thick and really lathers well.  I could instantly feel the moisturizing ability as I spread the lather.  After my shower,I did not have a tight feeling in my skin.  I noticed much less dryness as well,and I already use Dove!  I still used lotion,but I could feel this really is a better moisturizing soap.  And after several days of continuous use,I still agree with my original assessment.  This is a wonderfully rich moisturizing soap.I highly recommend this soap,especially in this dry winter. I love this body wash. It smells great and doesn't irritate. I have super sensitive skin and some scents give me a headache. This is not one. I love how this body wash makes my skin feels and smells. Dove Sensitive Skin is an unscented moisturizing body wash. I personally want fragrance in my body wash but know that other's may not. This Dove is particularly moisturizing. Lathered nice and I felt like I didn't even need lotion after my bath. I like it,a lot.  Yes I know I am repeating myself but this product is great in my book.  The scent is very mild,almost nonexistent.  The feel while washing is smooth and comfortable,not slick like some or gritty like others.  The lather rinses off easily and just left my skin feeling good. I have problems especially in the winter with many soaps and this one has really been good for me. It has caused no problems with itching or anything,it lathers well,cleans well and smells good. The smell reminds me of ivory soap. I would buy this and recommend it to others with or without skin problems. It is a soap so you still need to moisturize your skin after a shower but it doesn't make your skin dry either. I have been using this product for a year or two,and I wouldn't do without it,especially in the winter when my skin starts to flake with dryness.  Because I have sensitive and often dry skin,I have to be careful about what soap-like products I apply.  I use a mesh body sponge,and the lather is thick and creamy with only a teaspoon or so of body wash.  The only thing I don't like about it is the tapered top that makes it tough when I'm running out and want to store it upside down.  I have to balance it against the shower wall.I highly recommend this for anyone who has dry or sensitive skin.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann I'm a big fan of body washes,so much so that one of my brothers gave me several bottles ofOlay Cr&" "&egrave;me Ribbons. It was a marvelous body wash,however one thing I didn't like about it was the pink residue I had to clean out of the tub after I bathed. The Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash left nothing out of the ordinary behind and except for the typical wipe-down I was quite satisfied. A luxurious bathing experience can definitely be spoiled if you have to spend several minutes cleaning a tub when you're done.I like the fact that it is hypo-allergenic because I do have sensitive skin. Not overly so,but can get a rash if a soap or body wash is harsh. Many of the homemade natural soaps are off limits to me because they sometimes have additives that don't agree with my skin. The Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash is unscented,but not fragrance free,something that some may wish to stay clear off. It has a nice,clean delicate scent that I liked. It left a baby-like fresh scent behind. Mind you,I'm from the era of women who enjoyed a dab of fragrance in personal products.One other interesting thing I notice was that the Dove Sensitive Skin Nourishing Body Wash had "nutrium moisture." A lot of products have the most interesting names for nutrients or properties,but what do they mean? In this case I found that it was a special formula unique to this Dove product. "The Dove line of body wash products includes a proprietary formula called NutriumMoisture technology. It includes a special combination of oils and other ingredients that work to restore the outermost layer of the skin and are actually absorbed into the top layer,rather than simply coating." I must admit,I feel good,my skin feels good,and my overall experience was a positive one. This body wash is certainly a winner in more ways than one.INGREDIENTS:Water,Glycerin,Cocamidopropyl Betaine,Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil or Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil,Sodium Hydroxypropyl Starch Phosphate,Sodium Laureth Sulfate,Hydrogenated Soybean Oil,Lauric Acid,Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate,Sodium Chloride,Stearic Acid,Sodium Lauroyl Isethionate,DMDM Hydantoin,Citric Acid,Fragrance,Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride,Tallow Acid or Palmitic Acid,Sodium Isethionate,BHT,Tetrasodium EDTA,Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate,Methylisothiazolinone,Etidronic Acid,Titanium Dioxide. Dove makes good products; the bar cleanser works great and is my all time favorite. But now there's some serious competition from this body wash. It combines great cleaning with rich,silky moisturizing. The body wash is easy to use; unlike the bar,it doesn't get slippery and escape in the shower. Do you like clean,smooth skin? This is the product for you. I've been using Dove products for years,they have always left my skin softer than the other leading brand. This time around I decided to try the Sensitive Skin. Boy,I am so glad I did! It is excellent,it left my skin soft &" "& smooth. My skin stays that way for a while too! I have been using Dove Body wash for years because it is very creamy and lathers very well.  It is the only body wash I have tried that actually moisturizes my skin so that I do not need to use a moisturizer after my bath.  I really hate having to put on moisturizer so this really saves me the trouble.  I highly recommend it. This is one excellent body wash that does what a good wash should do all around.  The moisture is evident,skin is left feeling wonderfully soft and healthy,and it foams well.  This has all the great qualities for which Dove stands. Both my husband and I have allergies and sensitive skin so I am always on the lookout for mild products.  After trying the Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash for a couple months,we both liked it a lot.  It not only has a nice rich lather,but it rinses off easily and leaves your skin soft and smooth without feeling dry or irritated. Not only didn't we have any itching or negative skin reactions,but the NutriumMoisture was a nice bonus. After trying it out for Vine we have bought additional bottles and continue to use it. Excellent odor with excellent hydration. Dove body wash seems to be one of the best around. As always,use Subscribe and Save PLUS coupons!!! This body wash is so moisturizing.  Skin feels soft and does not even need lotion afterwards.  It is my favorite body wash.  I exclusively use dove for cleansing. I have patches of eczema on my hands which mostly all other soaps/detergents irritate. This does not make it worse. gave this to my oldest adult daughter to use for she has very sensitive skin.  she used it and said that a little goes a long ways.  she advised that the body wash did not dry out her skin and used less lotion after her shower.  she really likes this and told me that she will buy this Wow,I have several positives to say about this product. First off,I am sensitive to strong scents because I get migraines and this scent does not trigger my migraines. Second,I am not good at using lotion at all other than a facial moisturizer and occasional hand lotion when my hands are so dry I can't take it any longer. Since using this Bodywash,I have not had to even think about using lotion. My skin,especially the sides of my torso would get dry and tight and I would think,I should be using lotion but since Dove,I have been comfortable with my soft skin. It's great for winter and all year long! It's awesome that you can get it at a pretty decent price on Amazon thru subscribe and save but my secret is to purchase the WalMart Equate twin pack. It works just the same and you get twice as much! You literally get two 24oz bottles for the price of one Dove 24oz bottle. I realize some people will want to stay with brand name but I'm on a budget so it was a great find for me. this has a fantastic scent. after you get out of the shower,not only does it actually moisturize the skin,but you can still smell it on your skin an hour later. it's amazing. I really like this soap. It smells great and has great lather. My skin feels super soft and clean after I use it - I highly recommend. Dove makes great soaps,and the price is great. I have been using bar soap with shea as regular bar soap is drying and liquid soaps can leave a greasy film on the skin.  Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture is able to deliver a nice moisture without drying or leaving that greasy coating.  The scent is very nice and light - even my husband likes it and he is strictly a bar soap kind of guy.  The bar soap I buy is extremely expensive (due to the shea),so I am thrilled to find a relatively inexpensive liquid soap that we both can use happily.I am also trying out the Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin.  I find it to be a little lighter in consistency but it does as good a job as the regular soap.  I have sensitive skin on my face,so this works great for that purpose.I recommend both soaps and will be buying both again in the future. I love this product. First,the smell is heavenly. And the way it lathers is fantastic. It never strips skin of oils. An ideal purchase for the wintertime,when the weather can play havoc with dry skin. This is a generous size that should last you months if used properly. This is my all time favorite body wash because of its intensely rich lather and fresh pleasing scent. I first discovered it several years ago on a visit to my in-laws. They were in their 70s at the time and recommended this product to me because they said it had really made a difference with their dry skin. I loved the scent when I first opened the bottle. It's very fresh,clean,and pleasant smelling without smelling "chemical-ish" or flowery at all. The lather is so rich and creamy that I can't compare it to that of any other body wash I've ever tried,and I've tried a lot of them. Every member of my family likes this stuff,from my in-laws to my husband to my kids. I would recommend this to anyone who would like a creamy body wash that makes a lot of lather and has a pleasant scent that men or women will like. I also think it's especially good for kids and older adults who have issues with dry skin. I've never had a bad experience with any Dove product,and this body wash is one of the best! As you would expect,it lathers up to a rich foam and cleans very well. The scent is mild and inoffensive. But,the real selling point is the fact that it seems to keep working throughout the day,making your skin feel soft even though the dry indoor heat of winter. If you are in search of a moisturizing body wash that will not irritate,this is a great one to try! I was unexpectedly pleased with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture.  Typically I figure that all soaps are about the same; I usually prefer liquid soap because it is a bit more convenient than bar soap and it seems less likely to leave soap scum behind (which is a real pain to clean off of the shower walls and door).But beyond the fact that this is liquid soap,I actually saw some benefits to the Dove product.  It cleans OK and rinses off well,not leaving behind any type of oily residue.  That said,it really does seem that after a shower using this product my skin feels a less dry than after a shower using my typical "whatever's on sale" liquid soap.  I'm not sure I really need this extra conditioning or "moisture" all of the time,but it certainly can be beneficial during the cold winter months in the northeast.In addition,the scent (similar to Dove soap bars) is not objectionable,and at least for this particular container the price is reasonable for what you get. Our family has long been a fan of Dove soaps.  As my wife and I have gotten a bit older,both of us have issues with our skin getting dry in the winter.Dove Sensitive works as advertised.  While not strong enough to make dry skin soft again,it does provide enough moisture to help keep my skin from drying out.  Dove Sensitive Skin feels like it rinses away cleaner than other Dove formulas.  This product did not irritate the skin of my wife and daughter who break out from certain soaps.The first thing I noticed was that this soap does not seem as thick as other Dove formulas our family uses.  However,when put on a body pouf,there is not as much lather created.  I still came out of the shower clean,but I just like the formulas with more lather.One thing I found fascinating is that the bottle says it is unscented.  While I am fairly certain that there are no added perfumes,there definitely is a characteristic "Dove" scent to this product.This is a product I would not hesitate to use again. It's hard not to come out of the shower with your skin screaming for moisture in cold winter weather,but the NutriumMoisture body wash really does seem to make a difference.  I'm not having nearly the itching and flaking that's normal for me at this time of the year,but neither is my skin slippery or oily.  The body wash has a nice light scent,and I'm very satisfied with the result. I find showering with Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash the next best thing in terms of effectiveness to applying moisturizing lotion to my skin. For example,after so many nights under an electric blanket my legs can get dry and itchy. Moisturizing lotion helps but I often elect not to use some even though I need it because I don't want to deal with getting it on my PJ bottoms and/or sheets. Though showering with Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash doesn't moisturize to the degree that moisturizing lotion does,it does moisturize enough to make a difference. (But I've seen reviews on the Dove site by people who say that after using DDMBW their skin feels MORE dry,so ideally you can get hold of a small sample before deciding whether or not to buy.)On the back of the squeeze bottle we are told that DDMBW has an improved formula with the "mildest cleansers ever." Harsher cleansers remove body oils and can leave skin dry,so it makes sense that a moisturizing body wash would have mild cleansers. It is perhaps for that reason that I have found that DDMBW is not the ideal body wash for me to use after an intense aerobic workout,and I wouldn't even consider using it when I am am so covered in dirt (e.g.,from using a tractor in sweltering heat) that a mild cleanser couldn't possibly help me get clean.It has that familiar,light,pleasant,fresh Dove soap fragrance,which I find does not linger on my skin after I use this product. Excellent product and is great for sensitive,dry skin. I love that I am able to get different fragrances and scents I don't know why I ever stopped using Dove Body wash a couple years ago but I'm happy now that I am using it again and this formula in particular works very well for me.  My skin is not only very dry but I also have psoriasis where patches of skin are highly sensitive.  This body wash definitely is soothing and moisturizing.  Most important is simply that it cleans well without irritating.  If you have normal to dry skin or even extra dry skin,eczema,etc. I would highly recommend! The Dove Body Wash made a good lather and was gentle on my skin.  It did not dry it out as many body washes have in the past.  My skin felt soft and clean and moisturized after my bath.  The scent is fresh,light and gentle.  It makes you just feel clean all over!  I love it! I tried the Regular and the Sensitive Skin. Both contain soybean and sunflower oils to help your skin. Both had more of a soap fragrance than anything else. I could not discern a difference with the Sensitive Skin version. I noticed that these bottles contained about twice the volume of the more specialized products like Axe. But the thinness of the soap is going to cause you to use more. This is typical of most body washes. The major difference between the Unilever products is the scent,the thickness,and whether you want any combination of shampoo,conditioner,and body wash. Its pretty much a personal preference.I like the thick stuff better and the fragrance is like an after shave so 5 stars. I would compare this closely to Clear Shampoo for men. The creamy texture does not drop off your hands like the gels. You don't have to use much to get a nice lather so its not only economical but it won't begin to clog up your drains. Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture,Deep Moisture Nourishing,24 Ounce. I love it! Finally something that helps stop the dry itchy skin in winter. Smooth and creamy with a very light fragrance. It is easy to squeeze out of the bottle,use a wash cloth or your hand to apply and work up a lather then rinse off. Make sure you rinse your shower floor when done,it can get slippery. Great product. I have always loved usuing Dove products and this body wash is no exception. It has the regular Dove scent and works up into a beautiful creamy lather. I do feel like it keeps me more moisturized than some other body washes (although I do put lotion on right out of the shower). This is a good size bottle and I love the shape of it. I will definitely buy this again! I love that this body wash does not seem like soap,but more like moisturizer. It is an excellent deal for the price and the smell makes you feel clean without that stereotypical &" "&#34;soap&" "&#34; smell. Highly recommend. I will be buying again! These Dove body washes are European-style cleansers used with a washcloth or loofah and they don't produce much lather. They do clean well and leave the skin feeling soft,almost like lotion has been applied to it.The Sensitive Skin version is not truly unscented--it has an almost undetectable floral undertone but overall has a smell similar to the generic unscented body lotion that comes in a little bottle at the hospital,not offensive at all.The Deep Moisture version has a rich tropical floral scent that is very heavy and extremely long-lasting. I can't quite pin it down but it is something like a combination of passion fruit and tuberoses that fades into bergamot. I am sensitive to most perfumes and was surprised that this doesn't give me a headache especially since it is so strong.There is also a Go Fresh version elsewhere on Amazon with a moderate scent of nectarine and white ginger with a whiff of mandarin orange.The bottles are a bit awkward to grasp when they are full and wet because of the size and the way they are curved and the tab on the cap is almost sharp and not pleasant to open and close. I put them in a bottle with a pump dispenser,which works well. This really is the best. It lathers better than anything else and really moisterizes your skin. If you are sensitive to scents,this will be perfect for you as well. I don't use anything else. I'm a big fan of the Dove body wash. I don't have particularly dry skin,so I like the moisturizing level present in this product. Unlike some other body washes that feature more of a oily feel to them,the NutriumMoisture seems to be mostly glycerine based,and my skin absorbs it readily without getting goopy. I also find the cleansers to be gentle,and non-iritating to my sensitive skin.One note: this body wash is NOT fragrance-free. It's &" "&#34;unscented,&" "&#34; meaning there is fragrance added to make it smell like &" "&#34;clean.&" "&#34; If you'e highly allergic to any sort of fragrance,you might want to avoid it. My mother always used cake soap that made my skin feel tight. I thought that was the feeling of clean. Years later,I realized that was the feeling of dryness. So I switched to liquid soap with moisturizersSoftsoap Moisturizing Body Wash with Moisture Beads,Ultra Rich Shea Butter,18-Ounce Bottles (Pack of 3). My skin felt better.When the Vine program offered this body wash for sensitive skin,,I thought I'd try it. When I got the bottle out of the box,I got a bad impression of the packaging. The top was sealed with tape which was a drag to peel off. When I was finally able to open the top,a large dollop of the body wash squished out. So I wiped it off on to my hands and washed my hands.The soap was viscous -- thick,but unlike Softsoap,it had no 'moisture beads' -- just consistent,smooth cream-like texture. I had a lot of soap on my hands so had to rinse a lot but after I got it off and dried my hands,they were really soft! They felt as if I already had hand cream on them. There is a very mild lingering smell.This product seems to be good for my skin. Dove is (and has always been) one of my favorite brands of body wash. The Deep Moisture Nourishing 24 ounce bottle comes in handy for my dry skin. The winter months are rough on my skin so a nice moisturizing body wash like Dove is essential (along with good lotion). This Dove body wash cleans and moisturizes with a great scent while rinsing clean. Dove is always a necessary item for me year round. I love the dove products for sensitive skin.  My daughter has bad eczema and the doctor recommended these products.  Her skin is looking better already.  It doesn't dry her out or cause itching.  No added stuff that makes her skin flame up. I've always loved Dove Body Washes because they always last longer than your average body wash. You only have to use a little of this body wash to get a large portion of your body covered. Beyond that,it smells great too.While I typically don't use body wash for moisturizer,I can say my skin feels a lot better. This kind of body wash would be good in the hot summer,when my skin gets dry though. Until then,I'm content using it as is.This body wash has a pleasant smell that's not too overpowering when you exit the shower. I find many products try to put too much scent in so that people will feel like they've worked,but that's not the case here. It's not too expensive and it's a great purchase. This body wash is great. It smells very fresh and leaves my skin soft and very well moisturized. It lathers really nicely with just a little.  I have very sensitive skin and this body wash was great for that! Overall,it's good body wash and I really like it! I am a big fan of Dove products,and started using them when all that was being produced was the famous Dove bar,when the advertisements urged you to "stop using soap and start using Dove." At various times over the years I have switched to other products but seem to be always come back to Dove. The body wash is thick and has a mild,pleasant smell to it that would be appropriate for both men and women. The product rinses off completely but my skin stayed soft and moist for hours afterwards. The NutriumMoisture is new to me,but it seems to hold in moisture better than products without. I did not feel the need to apply lotion immediately after using the body wash. Since I became a "senior" adult,dry and itchy skin has been a major problem. I think I have found a solution with Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture. This is a great product for men and women. I love a soap with a great lather that doesn't dry you out. Dove never disappoints and i am faithful user of it and a lot of its men's products. I obviously really like this stuff,since I use it every day.  It is much gentler than bar soap,and I started using it when I noticed my skin getting too dried out using my old go-to,which was Pears bar soap.  This does a great job at retaining skin moisture. Most days,I don't feel the need to moisturize after getting out of the shower,even in the middle of winter. Fresh,clean smell - not over powering when using and doesn't linger on your skin afterwards.  Also seems to cut down on shower soap scum.  The soap scum build up seems to progress much slower with this vs. bar soaps.  Bonus points:  I don't need a separate shave gel/cream because this also works well for that purpose.I am unable to do a separate review for the sensitive skin version of this product,but I wanted to mention that it is very good for sensitive noses as well - although it does have a trace of a scent,it does not linger long or bother me. As a guy,I never gave the Dove brand a chance until I took a medication that dried out my skin.  My doctor recommended it,and ever since I've been hooked.  What makes it great is that it leaves the skin clean without drying it out,and does not include any perfumes that might irritate the skin.  The Sensitive Skin Dove body wash is the liquid equivalent of the classic soap.  There is no lingering fragrance,with the only scent being similar to an unscented lotion.  This scent is only present during use,since it washes off so cleanly.The texture of this body wash is just like lotion.  I even double-checked the bottle to make sure that I hadn't accidentally brought lotion into the shower!  My fear was that it would not get me clean or rinse off well,but it did both.I still primarily use bar soap,but if you prefer body wash or need something portable for the gym/travel,Dove has done a good job of making a liquid that retains the properties of the bar. Oddly enough,I'm one of the few people I know who have had problems with Dove Body Wash.  Other people talk about how gentle it is,but I tend to get rashes from it.But since this was the Sensitive Skin formula,I was anxious to give it  a try.I'm happy to report that I've had no rashes and no ill effects at all - just smooth,soft skin.  It smells good,is silky soft,and washes off well,leaving no residue.  And cleaning the tub later was a breeze.I'll definitely use this product again and again! I don't like bar soaps. I also don't like the harshness of a lot of the liquid soaps on the market today. My Dermatologist recommended this for bathing and I absolutely love it! I highly suggest you try this. I do believe you'll be pleased. Rinses easily and leaves you feeling clean. Moisturizing body wash for winter dry skin. It's perfect for dry skin from winter air and central heater running homes. Keeps body moist and not flaky during winter dry spells. I saw the commercial that nutrium is moisturizing nutrient that goes into skin cells to replenish needed moisture and nutrients to make skin feel rejuvenated. Letting water infuse into skin and keeping it there with very thin layer of oil. After shower it feels moist and I towel dry by petting instead of rubbing the towel on skin. Dove body wash is a real treat,especially with the dry winter air and skin. It has a satisfying fragrance,a smooth feel and defintely refreshes the skin. This reviewer suffers from "winter dry skin" and Dove Nutrium Moisture for sensitive skin is a blessing. Dove products can be counted on to offer solutions like dry skin. I heartily recommend them. rich creamy lather,and does not dry out the skin. Rinses off clean too. I adore this body wash and will use no other now.  If you have sensitive skin this is the body wash for you I use this for my 3 year old after deciding that she no longer needed baby wash.  It has been good for her and I do notice any issues This is a great body wash. I normally use the scented body washes,but gave this a try. It left my skin feeling soft,and moisturized,which is impressive considering the air here is devoid of any moisture this time of year. I've always had this experience with Dove products though.As for how it works in the shower,the bottle has a convenient arrowhead shape. It's easy to pour the body wash out,and it doesn't run down the sides of the bottle. It lathers well and a little goes a long way. Also,it says it's unscented,it does contain fragrance and smells like a bar of dove soap. The fragrance is very mild though so it doesn't interact with my perfume later on.I definitely recommend this body wash,or anything by Dove. They make great products. Foamy,moisturizing,no overwhelming scent. We purchase this through Amazon's Subscribe &" "& Save program to get 15 percent off. We recommend this product. I have very,very,very sensitive and dry skin.  Living in Alaska where homes are typically more dry than the world's deserts doesn't help.  Oh,and we have forced air heat.  Dry,dry,dry...So,I'm pretty tough to please with body washes.  There aren't many that I can use without needing moisturizer afterwards.  This body wash by Dove is one of the few!I love the way this smells; nice and clean and not overly perfumed.  It lathers nicely without parching my skin and,wonder of wonders,I can wash and go!  Thank you,Dove,for giving me five extra minutes to hit the snooze button!This body wash arrived all contained in the bottle and not dripping through the packaging material.  Whomever taped over the dispenser end,thank you!  Please teach the rest of the world about shipping liquid soaps!Nice product + safe and non-oozy arrival.  What's not to love?!? I have allergies and my doctor recommends using unscented products that are mild on my skin.  While this does have a mild sent it feels great on my skin and I have not had  any reaction to it. Plus a little of this product goes a long way.All I did was pour a little of this into a wash cloth and used it like I would regular soap. It does not create much of a lather but works as good as my bar soap.This feels nice on my skin. Plus since it is in a bottle I don't have a bar of wet soap sitting on the shelf in my shower.I will use this again.I also tried the Dove Deep Moisture Body Wash. It has a more pronounced scent but feels fine on my skin and works just as well at the Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash. My skin does not react to either product. I am a long-time fan of Dove Sensitive Skin bar soap.  I am of Swiss/Irish heritage and have the combination of light skin,blond hair,and red beard--at least it was red until it mysteriously changed to white.  Any deodorant that is not hypoallergenic causes me discomfort,changing soaps when washing clothes makes me itch,too much sun causes sun poisoning,and poison ivy sends me straight to the emergency room.  So I tend to stay with articles of personal hygiene that work for me.One day I noticed Dove Body Wash for Sensitive Skin and decided to give it a try.  Couldn't be much different from Dove bar soap,right?  And thankfully it isn't.  It is a nice thick body wash that soaps up well and is easy to rinse off.  I also often use it on my hair instead of some expensive shampoo that does the same job at a much higher cost.  That's a trick I learned from using the bar soap one day when there was no shampoo in the shower.So this stuff works great for me.  Keep your eye on the price difference between the bar soap and this body wash.  Sometimes the body wash works out to be cheaper per ounce than the bar soap. Really good body wash. I have been using this brand twice a day for a while now and it's been great. It lasts a good amount of time and largest up nicely. It's got just the right thickness to it. The smell is nice. It would work for both men and women equally. The only thing I wish is that it would be slightly more moisturizing,other than that I would definitely recommend it. This is my go to body wash. For years I have struggled with eczema.  Most body washes contain ingredients that trigger my breakouts,so I usually stick to sensitive formulas.  I found that the Dove Deep Moisture Nourishing Body Wash with Nutrium Moisture is perfect for me!  It is is sensitive enough that it did not cause my skin to breakout,but it kept my extra dry skin moisturized during the harsh winter weather.Dove's Deep Moisture Nourishing body wash has a great scent,appropriate for male and female consumers.  It is a light soap,but works into a great lather,so a small amount will suffice,and you definitely get your money's worth with the 24 ounce bottle.  After using this body wash for several weeks,I have noticed a huge improvement. I can now say goodbye to itchy,ashy,or scaly skin after using this soap.  It leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth. I've tried a number of other body washes and they either reek of perfume or they lack the ability to keep my skin moisturized throughout the day. Dove Fresh Body Wash &" "&#8211; and most of the Dove bodywash line &" "&#8211; are hands down the best body washes.Another plus is that it doesn't smell like a men's body wash or a lady's body wash so I'm able to order one body wash for use for the whole house. as always  Dove products work great and feel wonderful. good value for the three pack product. It is on my Monthly Subscribe &" "& Save subscription order list so i don't have to worry about running out . I use this for my bodyw ash and my face every other day. It's amazing and doesn't dry out those of us with sensitive skin. I love Dove Body Wash and this one for Sensitive Skin is really great.  I couldn't believe how much lather you get for the small amount that you use and it makes you feel ultra clean and soft.  It makes regular soap a distant memory of the past that will stay that way.  I have tried a number of Dove Body Washes and this one is right up there with my favorite.  Fragrance isn't overly strong like some other similar products.  Use this then a bit of lotion afterward and your skin will rejoice. This body wash goes on silky smooth.  My skin really felt moisturized after just one wash.  I had been having mild problems with dry skin,and I could tell a difference immediately after using this body wash. Having skin issues,I have found that this soap is the only one on the market that works for me. It goes on smoothe,no soapy residue and leaves my skin fresh feeling all day! Great body wash for people with sensitive skin.  I've been using this for years and I used to purchase it at Publix or Walgreens but often they were out of it. This is the best smelling body wash I've ever bought and it totally cleans and freshens your entire body leaving your skin so soft. I have eczema and need as much skin hydration as possibly from a body wash.Have tried Axe products and others,but so far Dove and Olay get my votes as hands-down the best moisturizing body washes that you can get most anywhere.The scent isn't over-powering,it works in easy,and my skin feels like it retains water without getting dry an hour after a shower.That's all I ask from a body wash,and Dove delivers. Previous to this wash I was using the Target brand version.  I was surprised by how much better this Dove brand worked in getting rid of the scaly dry skin on my legs.  It works really well as a shaving lotion for legs. A little of this goes a long way.  It does not lather up a great deal,probably due to the moisturizer.  Did not cause problems with my daughters super sensitive skin.I don't think I will use this during the summer,but I will purchase it for winter use when skin is so dry. I have a hard time finding washes that won't irritate my skin.  This product works well and only a little is needed on a poof to make a lot of suds.  It also rinses off well and doesn't make me feel itchy. I love Dove moisturizing body washes and the sensitive skin is my fave - I can actually shave with this stuff too,it's my fave body wash! Dove Body Wash with NutriumMoisture Deep Moisture Nourishing,weird grammar on its lengthy title not withstanding,is an excellent hydrating shower cleanser. It has a very slight,light fragrance and is quite thick. You don't need much to get your body covered and the result is a genuinely smoother less arid skin.This is a luxury wash at a very reasonable price and if,like me,you're in a dry part of the country you can't go wrong with this 'nourishing' wash. You got a lot of product for your money and it does what it claims - mild cleansing with 100% natural moisturizers. I have dry skin,especially in the winter as my house has hot air heating. I like this moisturizer because it works and because it is unscented! I use it on my hands and heels. It leaves the skin soft and smooth without being greasy or sticky. And it is unscented which I strongly prefer!My podiatrist recommended a different (more expensive) lotion for callouses on my feet. And after comparing how both work I prefer this Vaseline Intensive Rescue based on the results.Ali Julia review I love using this right after a hot shower,especially in the dry winter season! It does not feel greasy or heavy on the skin,and it replenishes the lost moisture on the skin after a hot shower,so I never feel dry and itchy skin anymore. It is also quickly absorbed,so you don't feel like you just applied a thick layer of "mask." This is definitely my winter go-to. I never walk out of the shower without it. Plus,it's a really good value. One big bottle could last for at least two to three months. This lotion is thick enough to feel like it coats,neither too watery nor too greasy.  I like that it is fragrance-free,as I often find the fragrances added to beauty products to be a bit overwhelming.  The pump has worked flawlessly and makes it easy to dispense a little onto my hands often. I have always disliked the scent of Vaseline Intesive Care lotion so when I saw this was an unscented version I thought I'd try it.  I am very pleased to find that this lotion is totally unscented!  It's very effective at improving the look and feel of my nearly-sixty year old skin.  The pump bottle is convenient and works nice and smooth. I love Vaseline products and this is no exception.  While other reviewers complained about detecting some fragrance,I did not detect any.  It treats your skin gently and slides and glides wherever you apply it.  Vaseline products have been known to work for the dryest of arid skin.  I have been nothing but delighted with it. nice low cost,no funny stuff,classic productsometimes you don't want stuff that is too goopy and perfumedThis is just right - nothing overboard. I love this lotion,and have used many different varieties for many years.  This particular one is truly fragrance-free,and does not interfere with cologne or perfume.  It moisturizes without feeling greasy or slippery,and is great for hands chapped by cold winter weather.  Highly recommended. We've used plenty of Vaseline Intensive Care moisturizing lotion over the years.  I can't really tell the difference between the older products and this Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing lotion,other than this a fragrance-free version.Anyway,the Vaseline Intensive Rescue lotion works well.  It has a nice creamy consistency that smooths on nicely over the whole body.  It doesn't soak as quickly as a light face lotion,but it delivers far more moisturizing power.  The fragrance free variety is nice for anybody,and the 20.3 ounce bottle is a nice generous size. When buying skin lotion it's always tempting to pass over Vaseline products in favour of Suave or Jergen's,but I have found after using several brands that you usually get what you pay for.I'm one of those who suffers from very dry skin during periods of low humidity,which can be a problem in the winter.  This Vaseline lotion keeps my skin from becoming overly dry,and it's applied and absorbed very quickly.  I'm still not sure that it's truly fragrance-free,as there does seem to be a scent,but it's an inoffensive smell.The only caveat I have is that the lotion seems a little strong for sensitive areas like one's face.  For that I would still rather use one of the Neutrogena products,as it not only offers SCF protection but seems gentler on facial skin.  For all other purposes,this product is an excellent choice and well worth its slightly higher cost when compared to others. I have been using this completely greaseless yet deep moisturizing cream for years. Years ago I had been watching Joan Rivers on QVC selling her hand cream for about $21 plus S&" "&H.; She kept stressing that the ingredient that made her cream so special was Dimethicone. I had been using Vaseline Intensive care and saw that Dimethicone was the 11th ingredient listed in that product. I went shopping and found that in Intensive RescueDimethicone was the 6th ingredient listed. Ingredients are listed in order of  the largest amount first. I tried this and my dry skin has been thanking me ever since. You can use it on your feet,elbows,hands even my legs and arms.. Below is a quote from a website not affiliated with Unilever stating that dimethicone is even beneficial and safe for babies. Of course there are other ingredients added so only a Dr. can vouch for the safety of this product for a baby. I can vouch that this has softened my extremely dry elbows yet is gentle enough for my face."Products such as hair conditioners and shampoos frequently contain dimethicone to facilitate the combing of tangled hair,as well as to give hair a brighter shine. It forms a slick lubricating coat around each strand of hair so that a comb will move through the hair with less resistance. Likewise,it acts as a skin protectant and emollient,appearing as an ingredient in many over-the-counter moisturizing lotions and skin creams,as well as in some makeup products. Even diaper rash creams for babies often add this chemical to sooth the irritated skin."I hope you are as happy with the benefits as I am including the benefit of such an inexpensive price. A little goes a long way and this bottle seems to last forever. I really love this lotion. My hands can get really dry after a day's worth of washing and due to cold weather. I put this lotion on a couple times during the day and at night and in the morning,my hands feel completely smooth. The same goes for my legs. During the winter months,my legs can get dry but this lotion smooths them and moisturizes them and I'm a happy girl.Plus it's fragrance free so there isn't any harsh perfume smells that last for hours after you put it on. I'm extremely happy with this lotion. This lotion works really well on dry skin caused by chlorine damage from lap swimming.  It goes on smooth and easy,and it absorbs reasonably quick without any residual clumping.  Before it dries,it can be slightly sticky to the touch.  It is fragrance free.My skin is also itchy from the chlorine and other pool chemicals.  This lotion helps soothe out the scratchiness as well.This is a good everyday lotion that works well at a value price. Some time ago my doctor diagnosed me with folliculitis and had me shave my beard and told me I would have to keep shaving since it would itch too much and the problem would reoccur if I regrew my beard.  The problem is shaving is somewhat painful and my skin would burn for about 24 hours,electric razors don't work.  I can't use traditional aftershave and have to use special products like Nivea balm which only helps some.On a whim I tried this,in the past during the 24 hours after shaving I had apply Gold Bond and Lubriderm,etc. to control the burning feeling.  They helped a little but not much.  I was really surprised that Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Lotion worked better.  Instead of having to apply it every 2-3 hours it lasts much,much longer,usually one or two application around the most sensitive areas.  Plus no real odor to worry about.It also works very well on the usual areas like legs,arms and back.  I really would highly recommend this product,particularly for very damaged skin and for skin conditions. If you have really dry skin on your hands a lot of standard lotions,with their flowery fragrances,actually sting. This fragrance-free lotion doesn't have this problem. It provides good moisturization without leaving a greasy feeling. The convenient pump makes this ideal to keep next to the kitchen sink or utility sink so you can put some on after getting your hands all wet. Living in the high desert of Idaho comes with some challenges,one of which is dry,dry skin. This product does a very good job of keeping my skin hydrated without any oily residue. I don't know what the formulation is and I don't care: it just does a great job.The pump produces a little less than an amount I'd like,but that's the only negative I can say about it. It goes on very smooth and within moments I feel my skin is softer. I also really like that it's fragrance-free so it disappears without a trace--other than soft skin.Love it! Due to my sensitive skin,my bathroom storage space is cluttered with partially used bottles of skin cream. They all make great promises (from "all-natural" to "miracle") but end up too irritating,too highly scented,ineffective,causing breakouts,whatever. And then there's this product-- a solid,basic not-so-trendy type of skin cream from a brand that has been around for a long time. It is more dense than many creams which concerned me at first-- I thought it would be too thick.  I first tried it on my hands which have had dry patches despite using other products-- the dry patches ordinarily go away temporarily but are back within a few hours. But I noticed a positive difference right away. The lotion soaked in immediately and left my hands noticeably softer but not greasy.  After an hour or so,I washed my hands,and they still felt soft.  12 hours later-- still soft,not greasy,and no dry scaly patches.  Then I tried it on my dry,itchy legs (a winter problem)-- again,instant relief. No annoying nighttime itching.  And no sensitivity issues at all.  Great product-- I am now throwing out all the more expensive,fancy products and saving this one bottle.  This is a great find and will purchase it when I run out (by the way the bottle is large so you can count on using if for awhile). How do I know my hands love this product?  They show me every day.  I do a lot of things with my hands,from dishwashing to scrubbing kitchen and bathroom (including Pia's litter pans,which I bleach regularly) to small repairs around my apartment.  My small repairs often include the use of drills,nails,hammers,screwdrivers etc.,so my hands have taken a lot of beating! Except for my usually broken fingernails,my hands are in great shape!  I use it as a body lotion,too,after every shower,but the proof of its value shows up best protecting my hands from the usual wear and tear!  Oh,yeah,it doesn't leave your hands (and body) sticky or greasy,and I love that it is unscented.I recommend Vaseline lotion! The 3-pack also makes it a best buy! This lotion is rich and thick but still light and spreads evenly. I like the fact that it is fragrance free because I prefer eliminating applying any unnecessary chemicals on my skin. Also prefer not smelling like a gardenia. It's best applied after showering and toweling off but with the skin still moist so the moisture lingers longer. I haven't used it long enough to describe any long term results,but it does leave the skin feeling silky and smooth. It's a reasonably priced lotion that allows it to be used liberally without breaking the bank. This lotion is great! It has very little odor. It is an aloe type of smell. It kind of reminds me of the smell ofNickelodeon NSI Gak Goo Greenfrom when I was a kid. The very mild odor is common among fragrance free products.We live in New England and the dry winters reek havoc on our skin. Our hands are dry,cracking and rough. I have used this for 2 days and noticed a HUGE improvement. I keep it next to the kitchen sink and apply after almost every wash. When my hands are this dry most lotions sting. This does not!Pros:1 Not greasy2 No fragrances3 soaks in quick4 Not slimy when wash hands5 Water almost beads off my hands6 Does not sting my hands!7 pump bottleI will buy this again. I wish I had taken a before and after photo of my hands.  My hands get terribly dry during the Wisconsin winters.  They get flaky,crack,and bleed.  I also have problems finding a good lotion since my hands get so bad.  This lotion did the job and did it quickly.  I noticed improvements during the first use.  My hands stopped flaking almost immediately.  While they still show some wear,overall my hands are soft,less cracked,and not bleeding.  The pump bottle is great and easy to use.  I also appreciate that it does not have some fruity smell to it.  This is a great product.  I will buy it and recommend others buy it too. This is a great moisturizer. Goes on nice and absorbs fast. No greasy after feel. Lasts a long time. Great for sensitive skin-no break outs so far and been using for 3 weeks. Also great for a migraine sufferer like me who cannot tolerate scented products of any sort. So that in itself is a bonus. Worth a try. My skin is so dry that I have difficulty finding a good skin cream,but I was very pleased with this product.  it is lubricated enough that it goes on smoothly,and it stays through the day without having that awful greasy feel.  I recommend it. I love this lotion. It's perfect for someone like me because I have very dry hands,year round. I do a lot of dishes and cleaning with no rubber gloves or anything and I get a lot of dryness from detergents and hot water affecting me,so I need a gentle moisturizer that soothes my hands and brings the moisture balance back,and this lotion does it perfectly. It absorbs quickly without leaving a greasy residue,and just feels natural and comfortable on my skin. This is also excellent for using on my very dry feet. The roughness,the cracked heels,the white appearance,GONE - with this gentle lotion that pampers my feet and makes them so soft and smooth,and really fast too! That is not an easy task,as most lotions barely soften them. This is a really good lotion that totally works for all levels of skin dryness and areas. It's priced right too. Not too expensive,and does better than some of the higher priced lotions at a considerably lower cost! I very highly recommend this lotion especially if you have very dry hands or feet (or any other skin) that need something gentle but completely effective! It moisturizes with no irritation! And it leaves no scent behind! It's perfect in every way! :) I tested this Vaseline product against my regular moisturizing body lotion,Lubriderm,which I find very effective. The Vaseline lotion is a bit thicker,but still goes on smoothly and easily,and absorbs well. Most importantly,it hydrates my extra dry skin very well,at least as well as Lubriderm,which is generally a more expensive product. I had no return to flaking,dry winter skin,the absorption left my skin feeling comfortably dry (as opposed to greasy) and with no scent. Very pleased with this product. It's really good lotion! My hands get super dry,but I can't use anything oily on them because I'm either doing schoolwork or making beads all day. This lotion has a light feel,absorbs quickly,and doesn't leave an oily finish. I don't feel like I have to apply it frequently to keep my hands super soft and not dry or chapped. I even use it on my face sometimes... and the best part is that it's unscented. As I get older I'm less and less tolerant of perfumes,especially on my face. It's true. My hands are addicted to this stuff and have been for over thirty years! I was soexcited when I realized I could get a giant 3 pack of these things here at Amazon,becausethey make so many different kinds of this,that there is no guarantee that you will find thisexact kind (intensive rescue repairing) at your local store. Vaseline keeps changing its formula,so now they have several moisturizers on the market,and woe is me if I get the wrong one! Or,buyinga generic brand like CVS is also a bad idea. Vaseline has managed to hang on to something akin tothe original formula for extra dry skin for all these years and although they keep changing it up,this isthe one that works for me. It has had several different names throughout the years. I wish Vaseline would quitfooling with it frankly and just leave it as it is! Your mileage might vary on hand moisturizers,but for me,this is the best. My husband and I are in the Medicare set.  As such,we both fight very dry skin,although in different ways.  My husband plays golf 3 to 5 times a week,and his hands are continually dry,cracking at times at the knuckles.  In contrast,my feet are extremely dry and heavily callused,especially during winter months; alternatively there is also cracking between toes,which is very painful.  As our own test,we both used this version of Vaseline for a week,and nothing else.My husband has used various Vaseline lotions for over 20 years; he definitely prefers this brand to anything else.  However,he said that this particular lotion was really different and worked better than any other Vaseline product he has ever used.  What I did was apply this lotion to my feet and wear socks for a week straight.  The effect has been nothing less than amazing.  We both would describe this lotion with one word:  penetrating.  In my experience,other lotions usually remain on the surface of my skin.  I have tried maybe 15 kinds of lotion on my feet over the years,and this is the first one that really worked into my calluses,softening them to the point that they could be safely cut back or sanded down.  The acid test was today when I put on a pair of hose without snagging them up from the roughness of my feet.  Also,there really is no smell from this lotion,which I appreciate. So I'm allergic to just about everything,especially scented (fragrance) products. I love that Vaseline offers those of us whom are sensitive to scents an alternative option. Especially now during the winter I'm always itchy so the Repairing Moisture Lotion definitely helps out a bunch. I put it on before bedtime and after my morning shower to help lock it in my skin.Now this lotion is a thick lotion! It doesn't feel greasy or anything,but if you are the kind of person that doesn't want to be able to feel the lotion on you... This product may not be for you! It's very moisturizing to skin. All it contains is petroleum and glycerin with stearic acid (a fat derived from either animals or plants). It kept my skin moisturized all winter,but maybe I will buy some of my own glycerin and add water and petroleum jelly and see how that works. I love it,though for the most part. The only negative is that it has parabens in it and doesn't last through hand-washes (have to re-apply). UPDATE: My review is for Vaseline Intensive Rescue Moisture Locking Lotion Unfragranced not Rescue Repairing Lotion; it seems the product has changed &" "& my review is listed under the wrong product now.Vaseline Intensive Rescue Moisture Locking Lotion unfragranced is a very nice hypoallergenic moisturizer. It absorbs into my skin,leaves my skin feeling soft &" "& instantly moisturizes it,yet seems to leave a protective coating which doesn't leave my skin sticky or oily.The label states,"Vaseline Moisture Locking lotion triples moisture reserves instantly,then fills tiny gaps in skin to lock moisture in all day,promoting the proper environment dry skin needs to repair itself." I have dry skin so I thought I needed too try this. The lotion is the consistency of a normal lotion,is fragrance free and my skin absorbed it right in without a greasy feeling. I noticed a difference in my skin; it did aid in helping moisture my skin and relive the feeling that is caused by dry skin. I am happy with this and I shall continue too use it. The Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion is a great product. Ever since my wife became a stay-at-home mom,all of the constant diapering and housework (and it is constant with one-year old twins and a two and a half year-old) has led to her hands becoming very dry (and at times,burnt,cracked and painful). To say that the Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing lotion worked is an understatement. Her hands still get dry at times,but the cracking and pain just don't happen as long as she applies the lotion over the course of the day and night. As an added bonus,it's also helpful with my atopic dermatitis,soothing the dryness and flare-ups I sometimes get on my legs. While the Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion is no miracle salve,it is very good lotion and delivers on its claims,and,in my opinion,then some. I received this Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion through the on the vine program. I love this moisturizer. It is thick and creamy and leaves your skin feeling so soft,smooth and silky. There is no scent so it's great for men or women. It goes on nice with no greasy feeling whatsoever. It leaves hands feeling soft and hydrated as well. You can put this on in the morning and it seems to having a lasting effect,it doesn't wear off. Your skin feels soft and smooth all day even the next day. This will definitely be my first choice moisturizer from now on. I do however wish it had the option of coming in scented and unscented. Either way I this will still be my first choice. I live in the midwest,where cold winters mean running the furnace a lot,which means dry skin.  My daughter's hands,in particular,will get so dry they're red,chapped,and almost raw.  So I was happy to have the opportunity to try this Vaseline Intensive Rescue lotion.On the positive side:It works as advertised and does a good job of keeping my skin soft and moist.  I especially like the feel of it,not overly greasy,not overly watery,and once you work it into your skin,it's barely perceptible.On the negative side:The lotion is billed as "fragrance free," but I'm guessing that means it has no added fragrances,because it is definitely not "odor free."  It has a slight smell,not unpleasant,but definitely noticeable. I prefer it,actually,to other lotions that are heavily perfumed,often annoyingly so.  But if it is important to you that your lotion has no smell whatsoever,you may want to keep looking.Overall,I'm very happy with the lotion and would gladly buy it again. This will be part of my daily routine from now on. This lotion is smooth,thick and creamy but it absorbs very quickly and isn't greasy at all. I have very sensitive skin with dry patches,scars,sun damage and eczema on my forearms and I've tried every kind of lotion,cream,and treatment out there. This made the rough areas feel smooth a lot longer than most things do and because it is truly unscented,it doesn't sting or burn if there are breaks in my skin. It's not itchy,oily,smelly or waxy,either. Used after a shower,the moisture lasts a good 24 hours on healthy skin,maybe 12 hours on dry patches,so I did need to reapply at least once a day for those areas. I'm going to recommend this to family members and friends,and I'm planning to try the other formulations,too. Highly recommended! Most lotions bother my skin at least a little bit,even the fragrance free ones. Not this lotion. It goes on smooth and does not make me break out in hives. It all is a good moisturizer for my moderate dry skin. A dermatologist friend of mine has always said that Vaseline is the best moisturizer you can buy. I don't doubt her; however,it's not particularly user-friendly. This formulation seems to have all the benefits of Vaseline without the greasy feel. I have been using it for a few days,and already notice a difference. Considering this is Buffalo in January,that's a fairly significant statement.As an added bonus,it is fragrance free. I only wish they made it in a small tube I could carry keep at my desk. This is an excellent lotion for extra-dry skin that is non-greasy and fragrance free. I do a lot of gardening and my hands are always dry and rough. This lotion works really well to repair the damage and makes them feel great. This lotion is moisturizing and non-greasy. I have a bottle right next to the kitchen sink.  There is also a cream version that I buy to use as a body cream.  Overall a great product. I have tried lots of products for skin dryness. Winter takes a toll on us with the dryness. Humidifiers help but you can rarely put enough moisture in the air to compensate. If you spend any time outside the only remedy is lotions. Most are greasy,wash off easily,require repeated applications and in the end do little to help. This Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion is one of the best that I have tried. It is not greasy,goes on easily and seems to be absorbed quickly and lasts quite awhile. I have been using it daily and it really seems to help. If you have dry skin or dry hands from working on things,then would be worth trying this Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion. We live in a dry climate so skin dryness is a way of life for me. I liked that this was scent free and that it didn't feel greasy. It also absorbed quickly. I've found my fingernails are breaking less often. In my line of work,I'm packaging boxes and handling lots of paper which means VERY dry hands and nails. This seems to help It seems "they" are getting better and better and better at making moisturizer that WORKS!...I have VERY DRY skin and this makes it soft and smooth....I will be buying this product again ..... I can't handle how stinky most lotions are,so I was happy to find this stuff. I keep it at my desk at work because the air is SO DRY,especially in winter. So it's important that it not be greasy,or I'll get my keyboard all gross. I am actually typing this only seconds after putting some on my hands,and my fingers aren't oily at all. But it moisturizes,and lasts a long time - I usually only have to put it on once a day. Good stuff! I generally hate lotion. I believe it is primarily for girls. However in the winter when I work with my hands in very cold weather my hands become very rough and dry and I have to do something about it. So I reluctantly used this product. It worked great relieving my rough hands in just a few uses. It seems to combine the soothing of Vaseline Petroleum Jelly with hand lotion. It is very restorative and puts moisture back into the skin quickly. It has no girly smell and is just plain lotion,no coloring or perfumes. It really came in handy when I needed it,it is a great product for those needing repair to their cracked and rough skin. This stuff is fine... good... I don't have much to say about it ;)Great deal,I use it to fill smaller bottles of lotion for travel or to keep around the house. Feels good,absorbs well,I will get more!Pump is good for one-handed moisturizing ;) As a busy health care provider,my hands are being washed literally dozens of times a day. They become dry and cracked,and even peeling. I received this bottle for review,and literally,overnight I could see a difference in the skin on my hands! I also use it on my knees,elbows and heels. The non-greasy formula means I can use it any time,any where! I won't be without it!****DISCLOSURE: This product was provided by Amazon Vine in exchange for an independent and non-biased review. I am constantly washing my hands and therefore I am constantly moisturizing as well. This is a great product. It soaks into your skin making your skin feel nourished and moist but not greasy. There doesn't seem to be a residue. It also seems to repair dry,cracked hands very quickly. I know it's marketed that way but you never know. For me,it really works. I do everything from using my hands for cooking to putting them in bleach so they go through a lot. This product helps tremendously. I was staining wood and used mineral spirits to remove the stain and that really dries out your hands. I had an event in the evening and after showering,I used the Intensive Rescue lotion on my hands and they neither felt nor appeared dry or as if they had been through torture earlier in the day. I am impressed and I will continue to use this product. I've been a fan of Vaseline brand skin moisturizers for quite some time. They work,they are widely available,and they are well priced. This uni-sex product does not disappoint! It has a smooth,thick texture that applies evenly,quickly and does not drip. It is absorbed rapidly into the skin without being sticky or greasy. There is virtually no fragrance. The skin is left smooth and soft. This lotion delivers what it promises and that is a very fine thing! L'oreal has a great product line. Pick the shade closer to your skin tone and you will not be disappointed. I am in my fifty's and love anything that will enhance my skin naturally. The price was good and it does what it says. I will continue with it if it does not skyrocket in price. I have used L'Oreal for years,it has always worked well for me. I would recommend this product to anyone old enough to remember why Marsha was goovy. Love the coverage because product is light and does not break out my skin.  Beautiful color and easy to apply.  Will buy again. I use L'Oreal Paris products on a daily basis.  I find that they are consistently good quality products without the department store prices. This make up is the best. It covers good and last all day.I was pleasantly surprised. I will definitely purchase more.Looks great and is a great price.... To be honest,I wondered if this makeup was going to be good,because it was sold at a MUCH lower price than I paid in the store,but the ONLY difference was that it did not come in a box or package (except package it was shipped in,lol). The makeup itself is exactly the same. I like this L'Oreal product,it works very well for making my skin tone look even,and it lasts all day. I definitely recommend the seller,and will buy again myself. BEAUTIFUL and Cheaper than going to the store even with shipping. Makes me look 5 years younger and looks smooth and natural. LOVE IT! I bought this light color because it was at an awesome price and its a established product. I mix it with my summer (darker) foundation when applying and it works out perfectly. Great makeup I use this all the time and go back to it. Color is good and am very happy with the purchase. Thanks! Absolutely fantastic.  It does what it says it does.  Came  right away and was very reasonably priced!  Thank you so much . I am always searching for a foundation suited for my olive skintone. This color was perfect in caramel beige and for my type of skin ,Dry with oily t zone. I was so shock to find a foundation which covers minimizes my  discoloration on my cheeks and makes my skin look so much better. I was so happy ordered several more for not to run out. Thank you Amazon for carrying this product.The product is medium coverage ,applied it in sections and don't need that much,this gives a better coverage to your face. Please use a light hand on application. I notice some women like to rub in their foundation like lotion. A big no ,no.Thank you ,Native Rose Is this a good base. I recommend them as making a cost analysis and quality is this basis that best goes to my taste. This face makeup I have used for many years and have always been pleased with the color and the staying effect of the makeup over a long day.  I used a face powder to set my makeup and the face powder is also L'Oreal.  In this price range this is a good makeup. I love the L'Oreal Visible lift makeup,it goes on smooth,lasts throughout the day,and has a very light weight feel on the skin. I think it's actually making my complexion better. It was a great price and free shipping from this seller. I would definitely recommend to any age group or complexion type. my skin already looks better and younger each day that I use this product. It covers blemishes and wrinkles very well,I get comments of my appearance age is 5-6 yrs younger than what I really am. I complement the foundation also with age rewind powder,I think the combination of the two really help each other I have been using this foundation for years and absolutely love it.  I bought it at Amazon because their price is better than the stores!!!!!  I also sent one to my daughter in another state and she loves the coverage too. I've tried SOOOOO MANY moisturizers and this one is simply the best! It's so light and gets absorbed fast! great value too! If there is such a thing as a a perfect moisturizer then this is it!  It gets absorbed into the skin leaving no residue but gives the skin a healthy glow.  I live in a dry climate and I have dry skin,and I have found this brand to be the best over and above other time tested cream brands,including the high end labels. It makes my skin smooth and plump!  I like the soft fragrance,it is very relaxing.  This is a bit heavier than the sensitive skin version (classic series as well) that I use every day because it has niacinamide.  However,I need this classic beauty fluid for the winter.  The sensitive skin version is too light.  So I combine both - apply a light layer of the sensitive skin after my shower,then wait about 10 minutes or so for it to dry,then apply this over it at night to seal it in and add an extra layer of moisture.  I wake up flake free and with super soft skin!  I've been using Olay products all my life.  I still get carded for alcohol and sometimes people still think I'm in my 20's (I'm closer to 40!)  I love getting the shocked reaction when people check my driver's license and say,&" "&#34;I didn't think you were that old!  You look so young!&" "&#34;  I thank them politely and tell them,&" "&#34;Yes,I am pretty old!&" "&#34;  I love it when they guess I'm 26 or 29 at most!  Who wouldn't want to shave off a decade or more by just applying a moisturizer to your face twice a day?  So many testimonials are like mine,and from women who are a lot older than even me!  Just order it,you know you want to try it:)  And if it doesn't agree with your face,you can use it for the rest of your body and not feel guilty - it's so affordable! My mother-in-law only used this and when she passed away at 91 she had no wrinkles. This is all she used and ivory soap...I love this cream and love the smell.. I have been using this product for years.....It is a good moisturizer and have always been happy with it. My mom used it before me. My Mother is a young 92 years old and has been using this Oil of Olay lotion for years. In fact,I can't remember ever seeing her use anything else to moisturize her complexion. This amazing woman has no crow's feet,no sagging and very few wrinkles. In fact,the only signs of age on her face are a few wrinkles around her mouth. Her skin is in incredible shape. It's hard not to rave about this product seeing the results of many years of use by Mom. I've used this formula for decades.  It has a very subtle scent,leaves my skin hydrated,but not oily or greasy.  2 large bottles...great price.  I'll buy again. Good old Olay...this is a really nice,light moisturizer for daily use.  I use if before I put on my make up.  It soaks in fast and there's no weird smell or residue. This product is a classic!  Great product. Three generations in my family use this product and everybody loves. This pack of 2 has a great price too. I have used Oil of Olay for years. Love this  hydrating lotion. It absorbs very,very quickly leaving my skin soft and smooth without feeling greasy  which is nice for wearing under make up.I love all of their products. I like to keep a nice supply handy so I can  give to my daughter's for their skin care as well. I have used this since I was a teenager and 35 years later I am still using it.  I apply a light coat in the morning before putting on my makeup and have done so almost every day of my life.  I also apply some before bed (only very rarely since my skin tends to be oily) if I need a bit of extra moisture.My skin doesn't have as many wrinkles as other people my age (according to my daughter).  Some of that is genetics I am sure,but I do believe this moisturizer plays some part.  It also allows the foundation makeup to go on smoothly and more evenly than if I don't apply Oil of Olay first.I have tried some higher-priced products over the years,and I always go back to this. I remember my grandmother wearing this. I love it! It's not greasy but hydrates my skin perfectly! No need to buy all,the expensive creams. This has always worked or me! I always make a point to ask the older women I meet with few wrinkles what they use for their moisturizer. They almost always respond with Olay. That's because this product is a classic that works. The fact that it has always been offered at a reasonable price has contributed to its popularity over the years. Compared to pricy alternatives Olay blows them out of the water. Generations of women in my family have used it and I'm sure this tradition will continue. My wife has been using this product for years and she loves it.  I'll say it definitely keeps her skin soft and wrinkle free.  She tried the one with the yellow label which has spf in it and she still wants me to get this original one for her.  I'd recommend it to others. After using up all my day and night moisturizers,I found a bottle of Oil of Olay at the back of my closet and used it for the first time in many years.  What a surprise!  Oil of Olay (or,Olay Active Hydrating Beauty Fluid,as it is called today) is better at moisturizing than anything else I have used to date!  It works great under makeup during the day and is wonderful for night moisturization.  All this and no sticky or greasy residue or feel!  I'm very grateful that Amazon carries this product,as it is not possible to find it anywhere else.  As an over-60-yr.-old woman,I have tried them all,and I highly recommend Olay Active Hydrating Beauty Fluid as the very best moisturizer. This is an old cult favorite for a reason! It absorbs rapidly and seriously moisturizes without making your skin sticky or greasy. It makes your face baby soft. I have pretty dry skin and it moisturized it perfectly...I've tried sooo many drugstore face lotions! I've tried L'Oreal,Neutrogena,St. Ives,even the supposedly super moisturizing Cetaphil! Even Aquaphor didn't do anything for the dullness and lack of color. Nothing worked on my dull tired looking dry skin....I even tried using almond oil as a moisturizer and it didn't work. Absolutely none of it worked. I got a small sample bottle of Clinique's Dramatically Different face lotion and liked it...I was going to buy it but decided to try this first. So glad I did! It has a very similar consistency,both leave your skin silky smooth and absorb super quickly. Additionally,both have mineral oil as a main ingredient. BUY THIS you won't regret it. My mom has used this same lotion since she was a teenager,and she has always told me that thanks to Olay her skin is still soft and in great condition. Who am I to argue with a mother's wisdom?? I use this every day! I've been a dedicated Oil of Olay user for years and have always been told I look younger than my age.  There was a girl at work who made it her job to ask older women who looked good what moisturizer they used and she said it was always Oil of Olay.  Okay,not the most scientific approach,but I love the feel of Oil of Olay.  It's light and not greasy,and just maybe it's helping me get that look of shock when people find out my age. This little bottle of magic really won my heart over after a month of use! I'm in my 20s,and the golden rule dictates that anti-aging regime should begin at 25,instead of having to play catch up later in the 40s. I had been using a very expensive french brand prior to stumbling across this on Amazon. The french brand had boasted all these essential oils and over 95% natural ingredients. It had a big selection to include a specialized cream for almost every skin type. I thought I was as set as I could be. Until I tried this. This was smooth and light and easy to apply. My skin immediately felt moisturized and soft. After a night,my makeup went on much smoother than it had been due to a better canvas.After a month of using it,I haven't experienced any breakouts. Its a fantastic product,and everyone should try it. I wouldn't say its good for everyone,but at least 80% of skin types do great with it.FYI,I used to work in a mid-end spa and seen almost every type of skin and recommended products accordingly. My grandmother used this for over 40 years and when she passed away at age 100,she didn't look a day over 60. Every night before we went to bed she would use this on her face. I know this is a good product but now they make it hard to find because of all the new stuff they come up with. Thank God for Amazon where we can always find what we need. Nicely scented,and easy to apply as it gets absorbed well,and leaves the skin soft and hydrated,even in the cool weather. BEST MOISTURIZER ever -- Have used for years (am 67 now) -- have fewer wrinkles than most people my age.I Just reordered (get the 6 oz 2 pack for the best price) and had to repeat myself again in a review.I don't use expensive creams -- Aside from this the only product I also now use is the Vit C eye and facial creams from Avalon Organics -- but I never go without a morning and evening dose of this for an instant &" "&#34;soft&" "&#34; &" "&#34;pink&" "&#34; &" "&#34;non-greasy&" "&#34; feel to my skin.Ahhhh and you can't beat the price compared to those expensive ones that do nothing more! I've never been able to use a day cream because,quite frankly,I don't like going to work with a greasy looking face. This is the only product I've found which works and,at the same time,is absorbed so well that I don't have that greasy appearance on my face all day. Like other Garnier face creams,it smells really good and feels great on your skin. Bless your aging skin with this product!  It is a perfect option for those not being able to afford - or not wanting to have - face lifts. I love it myself.... But...........EVERYONES SKIN IS DIFFRENT...LIKE MEDICATIONS,EVERYONE CANT TAKE THE SAME MEDICATION RIGHT?ANYHOW,sorry  For caps.What will work for one person, may not work for others!!To me,It gives my cheesks a glowi dont have to wear blush no more !!It tightens a wee bit.but u have t wear it EVERY day &" "& don't give up !!!But Again.........Not everyone can tolerate this,Not everyone likes it........Were all different........Some  Woman swore on ponds cold creme  LOLSome woman swears on other produts,Its all what ever your Skin likes !! Love this moisturizer.  The product delivers exactly as it states.  Great product,great manufacturer. I would highly recommend this item. I have been using this product for a week. It cleans better than any other "cloth" type cleanser I have used in the past and makes my skin feel very smooth without feeling raw or overly dry. I have not felt this with the myriad of other cleaning towelettes and pads with which I've experimented. It does not leave my face looking red and raw. I do apply moisturizer after use,but I do this after using any cleanser.For the teenagers who have been slacking off on the multi-step cleaning routine,the Pond's towelettes have been awesome. They don't even have to turn the water on. They love that there is only one step and have once again become faithful in the twice daily cleansing of the face. We have noticed a clear diminishing of acne issues in just one week.Note: The towelettes are huge. For the teens with acne issues we cut them in half. For those with balanced skin,we cut them into quarters. After cutting up a weeks supply,I put them in a sandwich size Ziplock baggie. So for those concerned about the cost effectiveness,this could bring the price into a reasonable range for you. I haven't been able to do this with other cleanser towelettes,I have needed to use the entire cloth and didn't see as much dirt being picked up.Final analysis: These are mild enough to use on dry skin as long as you use a moisturizer and strong enough to help with mild acne. They have worked more effectively than any other product of this type that I have tried,and I've tried quite a few. I didn't expect to be so happy with these. My wife and I both use these. She uses them for her make up. I use them to wash my face before I go to bed. Previously,I just used a wash cloth,but my wife gave me one on vacation and I liked it so I just kept using hers. Unfortunately,these are hard to find in our local stores and,as a result,she will sometimes buy other brands. None of them do as good a job of lifting dirt without drying out my skin. She also prefers the Pond's for make up removal. I don't know what else to say other than they just work better than any of the half dozen brands we've used. I guess the clay makes a difference. These are very good facial wipes. I use every AM to clean face before moisturizing. Cooling and refreshing. Help with puffiness. I have tried several facial cleansers and this one is excellent.  It does not leave a dry feeling as do some of the others and there is no irritation in tender areas,even around the eyes.I am very pleased with this product and will be ordering it when I have exhausted the very generous supply sent as an Amazon Vine promotion. I love these clean wet towelettes.  The feel is fresh and clean.  It has that really good refreshing and cleansing feel.  I've used them for both make-up removing and for just face washing.I use these things all the time.  They sure are convenient,as well as clean and refreshing.  I use these and love them so much; I can never get too many of these.These work really well.  Highly recommended. After using Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes,I am left feeling refreshed. They smell nice. They leave my skin clean and smooth. If I had time to bask in my refreshed feelings,I would! LOVE THEM!!! I can't count how many different brands of facial cleansing wipes I've made my way through. They're too dry,or they make my skin too dry,or they smell awful,or they leave those horrible little fibers in my eyelashes and eventually my eyes/contacts. Ugh!!This product solves every one of those problems. They're moist enough to feel like you're actually cleaning your face,and leave my skin soft and luminous. The scent is pleasant,and no lashes full of fuzzies!! I can use these to take off my eye makeup without misery.I already use Ponds moisturizer (still the best),so I'm really pleased to add these wipes to my skincare routine. I am loving this product! I use the POND'S Luminous Clean Towelettes for a quick clean and freshening up of my face whether I'm in a hurry to go somewhere and get out the door or to take with me! There is no need to rinse after using these towelettes and your skill feels so soft and clean... not to mention that it smells so good! The pack comes with 30 moistened towelettes. It only took one wipe to get a deep clean. It is surprisingly moisturizing and didn't leave my face dry nor irritated. It did a great job getting thick mascara off. The resealing pack doesn't stay completely closed,but the cloths haven't dried out. I wanted to try this product as an alternative to regular makeup remover towelettes.  Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes are soft to the touch.  The package itself is well immersed in cleansing ingredients that you can actually see some tiny bubbles.  The back of the package says it contains Kaolin clay (the word "kaolin" itself is Chinese for clay) that's supposed to draw out "deep dwelling [skin] impurities and makeup",and moisturizing ingredients.I normally wear foundation with loose powder,eye shadow,mascara,and lipstick daily to work.  The package says they are wet cleansing towelettes .  That being said,I used this product mainly to take off makeup.  I have never tried it yet on an unmade-up or sweaty skin (say,after vigorous exercise),so I don't know if it performs well under these conditions.  One towelette is not enough to take away all of the foundation and powder on my face.  It takes me two towelettes,using both sides of each sheet,to cleanse my face completely without leaving any makeup residue.  If I use 1 towelette,I still have to wash my face with some very mild soap to get all makeup off completely.  Using 2 towelettes,all I have to do is rinse my face well afterwards.  There are no directions on the package that say you still have to rinse your face after using it,so I guess you can probably use several towelettes until the last towelette you use comes off clean and not have to wash or rinse your face after.  However,seeing as the towelettes inside the package are very well moistened with some type of gentle soapy material,I didn't feel comfortable not rinsing my face at the very least after using them.  I just didn't want to take the risk of having an allergic skin reaction because there was some soapy residue left on my face.  I have never used the towelettes (and don't intend to) to take off my eye makeup.  I still think the eye's skin area needs to be treated gently and should be cleansed with eye makeup remover instead of towelettes,no matter how moisturizing or gentle or soft they are.The verdict: I'm very satisfied with this product.  It does leave my face smooth and not feeling tight or squeaky clean after using it and following a water rinse.  The kaolin in it might also act like some gentle exfoliant,and the moisturizers make sure my skin doesn't dry out.  I don't recommend it for the eye area,just the face and neck,and they're really great at taking off layers of makeup! You know how you are tired at the end of the day and you don't want to take the 5 minutes it would take to wash your face?  Well,Ponds has the answer with these towelettes.  THEY ARE FAB!  You can wash your face with the towelette and chuck it in the bin when you are done.  These are safe enough to remove eye makeup and mascara without hurting your eyes.They are convenient to tote around (think airports,think campgrounds,think fitness center) and gentle enough on your skin to prevent breakouts.  These are a true find for those who want to take care of their skin,without being high maintenance,and great for those of us with sensitive skin I have used many different makeup towelettes...some 5 times as expensive and this is by FAR the BEST ever! The towelette is larger,thicker,and has more product on it than one that is out by a well known skin care line at 5 times the cost. I am impressed as it is also a skin treatment rather than simply a makeup remover...it leaves the skin with an almost resurfaced micro dermabrasion..gentle yes,but noticeable. I'm hooked! I don't wear alot of makeup and some days none at all.  I use this product at night,before bed. it cleans the oils off my skin.  i use it when i wake up,before i shower.  this product has a very nice scent,it makes you skin feel clean and moisturized and even your hands feel good.i carry these to work and in the middle of the day,when i'm sweaty or just need a little pick me up,i use them.after this package runs out,i will get another to carry around.great product These are soft,wet cloths with a quilted texture. They have a nice scent and do a good job of making my skin feel clean. I have red,itchy areas at the sides of my nose,which felt better after using one of these. They do have a tiny bit of "foam" on them,but do not leave a dry feeling on the face. They are really useful for when your face is feeling a bit greasy and you want to feel clean without the drying proprieties of many soaps. I also used one on my dog's face and it cleaned up his tear burn nicely.  I was not a huge fan of Ponds in the past,but this product and their face wash (both made with Kaolin clay) have changed my mind about them. These Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes are a great way to remove your make-up. They are lightly scented and non-irritating (I have sensitive skin).  They are large enough to do a couple of swipes meaning you can get all your foundation and eye makeup off with one towelette.  I was really impressed with how well they removed my mascara (ultra waterproof blackest black).  Better,there's some kind of conditioner in there that makes your skin look freash and glowing the next morning. This is a great product.  The Ponds people have been around a long time and they are very reliable.  My wife is the user and she has told me that since she recently had eye lid surgery this is the ideal thing for her face.  She had a problem with making sure that she did not wet the areas where she had stitches.  Ideal for this purpose.  Also,ideal for her facial cleansing.  Very satisifed. Highly recommended. These things are really great for getting makeup off. Another thing about them is that they are pretty cheap. f These little towelettes left my skin feeling clean and soft.  I'm not real fond of the package they come in,because it's kind of large and funny-shaped.  It takes up a lot of space in my bathroom cabinet,but other than that,I really liked this product.  I'm not the type of person to spend a huge amount of time on beauty products,but this was easy to use and didn't take much time,so it fit into my lifestyle easily.  I have very sensitive skin and allergies to fragrances,so some skin products irritate my skin and the fragrance of some beauty products bother me,but this did not. I've used Ponds cold cream to remove makeup for at least 50 years and began using it when in high school because that is what my mother had in the bathroom and what she's always used.  Over the years,I've tried other,more expensive,face creams and specialty eye makeup remover-but always come back to Ponds.I went on a cruise over the 2013 Christmas holidays and needed something lightweight to take for makeup remover,rather than the whole large jar I use at home...these towelettes were perfect.  I didn't have to use soap or water and my makeup,including waterproof mascara,was removed every night..I really didn't even need my usual moistureizer because the towelettes are quite moisturizing themselves.The packaging is lightweight and the product excellent.  though I won't chooses to use these daily at home I will keep some on hand for trips..so handy.Thanks Ponds for a great product Whether you've booked a flight for the holidays or are hosting guests who fly in,you might want to pick up a pack of Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes. Why? Because as every gal today knows,you aren't able to bring your full-sized skin care products or makeup remover in your suitcase anymore. Travel sizes and trial sizes aren't usually enough "product" to last beyond a week (if that). When I flew across country in July,I didn't realize that I'd wind up having to buy products at my destination... and leave them behind for my flight home. When I flew across country again in October,I tucked a package of moisturing facial wipes in my carry on suitcase.Ponds is a well-known company with generations of trusted quality. These towelettes are an inexpensive gift for yourself or a visiting guest. Ponds Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes 30 count,work pretty well. I"ve used them to remove makeup,they are really good. I've used them just to clean my face without makeup,they are still good. My skin feels softer and over time my pores seem to be smaller. They really do seem to remove impurities in your skin.I feel that I've seen a noticeable improvement in the texture of my skin. I like the smell and they are easy to use so I would recomend them. Pond's Liminous Clean Wet Cleansing Towlettes are very good for drawing out trapped make-up and impurities. My wife uses them for makeup removal and reports deep cleansing and a very smooth skin finish. The skin after use of the Towlettes has a shiny appearance as a result of the Soft White Kaolin Clay and moisturizing ingredients. The skin does not feel moist after use but does not feel tight and dried out. The Towlettes produce a porcelain-like finish. I use the product to remove air pollution particulates after running. I did not realize how the dirt in the atmosphere embeds in the skin as a result of daily running. I also experience the porcelain-like skin finish without the dryness associated with most towlettes. After years of running outside,I have had some cancerous lesions that may be related in part to exposure to air pollution. The Pond's Towlettes remove particles from skin that may be related to serious skin problems. They can be used at home or at running events. This is an excellent skin cleansing product. I THOUGHT I WOULD TAKE THE TIME TO REPORT THAT I SUBSCRIBED TO THIS PRODUCT UNDER AMAZON'S NEW PROGRAM AND AM EXTREMELY HAPPY WITH THE DELIVERY PROCESS. I HAVE BEEN USING THIS PRODUCT FOR A NUMBER OF MONTHS NOW AND STILL LOOK AT MY FACE IN WONDER SINCE MY FACE IS CLEARER THAN IT HAS EVER BEEN...AT LEAST FOR ME,THIS IS MORE THAN A PRODUCT TO REMOVE MAKEUP...ONE OTHER COMMENT RE PACKAGING...THIS LAST TIME,THE ENTIRE PACKAGE HAD BEEN TOTALLY REWRAPPED. I HAD BEEN AFRAID OF LOSING THE WETNESS IF I GOT THE PRODUCT TOO FAR IN ADVANCE...BUT WITH THIS ADDED LAYER,I AM RESTING EASY REGARDING THAT CONCERN!I have been using this product for almost a month now and decided to go ahead and submit my review. I have been impressed with the product and would recommend it to anyone.Since I haven't used soap on my face for years,I found the wet towelettes to be so much easier to use than any type of cream. They fold out nicely into a small cloth-like,refreshing bit of material...and then you just toss them away.Now,I'm somewhat unusual for a user since I am at home,retired,most days and so rarely use makeup. Yet every day,there is some sort of dark color appearing that proved in my opinion that the product continues to deep-clean daily. Yet when I have used makeup,there is sufficient strength that nearly all has been cleaned with just one towelette.For me and maybe for others,the biggest thing I noticed was that it helped to hold back the appearance of Rosacea,which is a reddening of the cheeks and nose area,the latter being the worst spot. My cheeks have been clear most of the day,with a reduction on my nose area. Before I start using this,I normally looked like I had rosy makeup on,when I didn't. I've also noticed that the "adult acne" problems I had been experiencing off and on have almost disappeared...both of this without any other produce use. Now I did experiment a little with adding Olay's renewal,which helped even more...but it appeared to me that this product has been the most beneficial.Easy,Effective,and...it did give my face a glow... Wow!GABixlerReviews EDIT 8/24/2013Eight months after using this product for the first time,I find myself consistently coming back to it (or similar products in the same Ponds line). Being that most makeup removing towelettes come in a package of 30,I go through one pack every 30-40 days. In the past eight months I have tried Neutrogena,Olay,and Yes to Cucumbers,but none compare to Ponds. I just find that Ponds towelettes (whether I get this,the OriginalPond's Wet Cleansing Towelettes,Original Fresh,30-Count (Pack of 3),or the Evening SoothePOND'S Evening Soothe Wet Cleansing Towelettes,30-Count (Pack of 2)) remove makeup much better than other brands,and don't leave a gross film on my face after using. Definitely my favorite towelette!ORIGINAL REVIEWI have used different brands of make up removers before,and think this is the best by far. Recently I have been using a generic store brand which smelled weird and also burned my eyes if I wasn't careful,and wasn't very effective. I love these Ponds wipes - they're textured to kind of exfoliate the skin while you're wiping,and they have a really pleasant smell. I don't consider myself sensitive to smells,though,and my friend said the floral scent was too strong. The wipes also remove most of my makeup effectively and don't dry out my skin.I'lll definitely be buying these again when I'm out. Wife is impressed by the cleansing power to remove her make-up AFTER her initial cleaning; and the fact it moisturizes at the same time,it is a plus.  Got a 66-wipe pack just recently. I really like these as well as the face wash. Of course,these are great when you are in a hurry,or just too tired to wash everythin off.  They smell very good,which always helps,don't irritate your skin and seem to get every trace of everything off.  I like them and even keep a pack in my purse. Very refreshing. I like using towelettes to remove makeup as it saves getting a good washcloth full of mascara or makeup.  I have used several brands but what I really liked about the Ponds was the softness,and the right amount of moisture.  Oftentimes I have found the towelettes to be too dry or too wet and to me,these are just perfect.  Good product. these are really good at removing makeup,even waterproff types.  They I use one a day and unlike other brands i have tried the last one is still wet 30 days after I opened the pack! These are great! They have enough liquid in them to clean not only your face but your neck and elbows with some left over. They are so handly in their little pouch. They also clean grease off your skin too and I even used one to clean my desk top which was very dirty (I didn't realize how dirty until I cleaned it). In other words,they really clean well and will definitely clean your pores up well. Funny that they clean so well,but still leave your skin feeling soft and glowing. These are so much easier to use than opening jars or tubes and they suit me much better since I always end up only opening those jars and tubes for a little while and then ignoring them. They are also small enough to carry in your purse for trips to the barbecue joint!30 towelettes to a package. I've been using the Ponds Towelettes for years... they are great for removing makeup,a quick de-griming,or for times when I don't have time for a shower but my face feels gross. They really do leave my skin clean,soft,and feeling fresh; they're a staple in my bathroom and now my daughter uses them too. I actually like these better than Okay brand.  Seems to do a better job of removing mascara and make up.  Recommended. Let's face it:  as our skin ages,it gets very sensitive,especially on our faces.  There are a lot of good products out there that I used to use,but now they irritate the heck out my skin.  In recent months,I have found myself drifting back to to the old,reliable Ponds brand.  I tried their night cream,and found it to be just as good as some of the significantly more expensive brand,yet it still leaves my skin soft,smooth,and well hydrated...without irritation.  So I jumped at that chance to try the POND'S LUMINOUS CLEAN WET TOWELETTES.And let me tell you,I am very glad that I did!  POND'S LUMINOUS CLEAN WET TOWELETTES clean my skin thoroughly,leaving no trace of make-up.  They give me a soft,rosy,healthy glow,with no bumps,itching,or dryness.  When paired with the Pond's night cream,I can honestly say that my skin has a clearer,more youthful appearance. The scent is light and pleasing,and the extra-large size ensures enough surface area for a complete clean.  I am extremely happy with POND'S LUMINOUS CLEAN WET TOWELETTES.I have used POND'S LUMINOUS CLEAN WET TOWELETTES while traveling and at home.  In both situations,my skin feels healthier and happier.  I can definitely recommend POND'S LUMINOUS CLEAN WET TOWELETTES. I found this product to be pleasant and gentle on very fair and sensitive skin especially around my eyes.  I wear eyeliner and mascara and removing it every night is tough on my skin. These towelettes remove it all without having to scrub.  The towelettes don't foam or lather up,they are more of a makeup remover.  They seem to work better by using them first to remove the dirt,oil and makeup and then follow up with your favorite cleanser.  My only complaint is the packaging,it is a pain to open,the resealable plastic wears out and some of the towelettes eventually dried out. These are really good towelettes. Pkg contains 30 wipes so will last rougly a month more or so depending on how often you use.  The wipes are very moist,some can be a little on the dry side,so you get a lot of prduct. The smell is nice,not to "perfumy" or "chemically".  it also contains kaolin clay,which is great for detoxing the skin,and moisturinzing ingredients. Moisturizing ingredients aren't listed specifically and unable to determine what they are by reading the ingredients list.  My skin didn't feel dry after using and also didn't feel too wet after using. Some wipes the product lingers for a while and your face feels very wet,the product evaporated quick enough so you don't feel too moist.  The towelette is textured with a diamond pattern so I like that as well. Removed makeup and cleansed my face and left it feeling great. These towelettes are great for removing makeup or just refreshing the face after a long day. I like the fact that they are a little more substantial than other towelettes I've used; you don't feel like they are going to come apart. They are textured too,and I think this is another plus. You feel as though you are deeply cleansing your face as opposed to just removing surface dirt. Other towelettes have left my skin dry and tight but after using Pond's Luminous Clean,my skin looks and feels refreshed. I am very pleased with this product and will purchase again. People have actually commented on my skin!  No fooling.  I've been insisting on Ponds cleansing towelettes for over a year now.  They are that good.  These luminous ones are really soft,and the fabric is a pretty weave that is not abrasive,but gently exfoliates the facial skin,and the solution on the towelettes cleans away dirt and debris,and leaves a luminous moisture.  I use a tad of the most inexpensive,old-fashioned bottle of L'Oreal bottled moisturizer for about $10 available here on Amazon,it lasts for quite awhile,and my skin has very few wrinkles.  I'm 57 and smoked for 30 years.  I quit 15 years ago.Without the moisturizer,though,the Ponds Luminous towelettes do a pretty good job on their own.One trick I use that I learned from a customer,is to cut the towelettes in half and use both sides of the half every day. This conserved resources big time.I am happy I chose these towelettes,and will purchase again. I'm not sure if it's the Kaolin clay or something else,but these towelettes are very cool and soothing. Also,I'm prone to breakouts,and I had no trouble using these. They swipe that caked on eyeliner completely away. Another bonus is the quilted texture of the product. Normally,I use a generic (or Neutrogena) brand,and I'm used to a slightly rough,econo baby wipes texture. These are thicker and more soft and the scent isn't to overpowering--very nice. LOVE. These are great. Probably the best face wipes I have used so far. You feel so clean afterwards. Not 100% as clean as using actual soap and water but very close. I didn't feel the need to rinse with water afterwards or anything. These kept my face clean while camping. I shared with a few friends and they all said that they worked really,really well. This is a wonderful product because it thoroughly cleans my face with no irritation,burning,redness or annoying smell (of course this is very subjective).There are some nights when I'm pretty beat after getting home from work and just don't feel like smearing cleanser on my face,carefully trying not to get water on my mirror,and making certain that my whole face is clean.  These towelettes are the perfect answer.Wipe them all over,toss them in the trash and towel off the balance. What could be easier?  And,in my case,I find the scent extremely appealing and not cloying throughout this brief process.But most of all I love the way that my skin feels when it's dry.  It is soft,smooth,and I almost don't even need to apply moisturizer (although I do anyway). I've tried other towelettes that have cost more and less but never felt my skin was smoother afterword - just clean. This is the whole enchilada.  Hope it works for you. I am already a fan of Pond's cleansing products,so when I got the opportunity to review this I was excited.  Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes work well to clean off makeup or to clean a face,without soap.  Personally I do not like to use soap on my face,as I find it very drying.  These towelettes do not dry at all,they keep the skin moist and feeling fresh.  This product has the added benefit of having white Kaolin clay,a natural mineral that is known to remove impurities from the skin.One towel is the perfect size to wash your face with.  I also sometimes use these to clean my children's faces,and they work well for that too.  If you do not like to clean your face with soap,and like all of your makeup removed (not just some of it as some other products do) these towelettes are for you. First,the packaging. The part you actually want is really glued to that cardboard base. Otherwise,no quibbles. It's easier to toss in a suitcase,easy to open,easy to reclose,Just a little flap you pull up and stick back down.The wipes...smell like roses. I've tried a few of these Pond's wipes and this is the best smelling one yet. Only three swipes over my eyelid and my liquid liner was completely removed. My face felt refreshed and clean and smelled nice. I highly recommend these for makeup removal at the end of the day *if you're not a night time showerer* or if you are a night time showerer,a great way to freshen your face up in the morning without getting water all over the place. I can't use many of these cloth brands since after use,my skin burns or tingles uncomfortably.  However,the clay in these seems to be soothing instead.  My face feels clean and exfoliated without the stinging. I LOVE these Pond's Luminous Clean wet towelettes, I use them when I travel and when I am exhausted and am to lazy to wash my face at night.  I keep these in my nightstand along with some nighttime face cream and when I am just to lazy or tired to get up and wash my face with soap and water and go through that process,I reach for these and wipe my face down.  I have also used these for travel,they are much more convenient to take along than a tube of face wash.  They smell good,and they do the job.  I like them and will continue to buy them.  I would recommend them for anyone who is super busy,and/or a traveler.  I used to just say the heck with it,and go to bed without washing my face some nights,but now,I use these on those days.  It is much better than sleeping in makeup and is just so easy. I love to travel with Ponds towelettes for cleaning my face. It packs much easier than liquid cleansers and does does a great job. I received the Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes with soft white kaolin clay &" "& moisturizing ingredients from On The Vine. I found them to work great on removing make up,even mascara. The towelettes are very moist. They are 6" x 7" in size. I found them to be very pleasant smelling. After removing my makeup with the Pond's towlette's I found my face to feel refreshed &" "& clean and a little bit tight feeling(in a good way)and they also left my face feeling somewhat moisturized. My skin is on the sensitive side,and I did NOT experience any discomfort,break outs,or drying.I would definitely recommend this product and I would purchase again. Omg! I LOVE THESE. They make your skin so soft and unlike other POND'S wipes (I've tried them all) these don't dry your skin. In fact they seem to make it more moisturized. My skin just seems to glow after I use these. Never had this effect with any other wipes. Ponds....am I the only one who remembers when this was in a white glass jar with a metal lid? My grandmas both used Ponds cold cream when I was a child. That's my only association with Pond's my whole life. I didn't know that they now make....everything! When this came up in Vine,I took an opportunity to travel the beauty aisle the next time I went shopping,and was shocked to see how many products Pond's makes,and how far from 'beauty cream' they have evolved.For the record,I dislike 'beauty wipes' immensely. My skincare routine consists of a Clarisonic to power away dirt,debris,and dead skin. I have never used a makeup cleansing towelette and felt that it was doing a good job. In fact,they remind me of cold wet diaper wipes,and that's pretty much how I feel about them in general.I was so intrigued about Pond's making a towelette,that I ordered these. (With great skepticism) When they arrived,I was surprised at how attractive and compelling the product packaging is. I love pink! They have a box that contains the wipes' outer packaging,which would make storage of this product such a snap! Other brands I have tried have a weak,collapsing packaging that makes them a pain to store. Just a note,don't do what I did and open the end; this has a resealable opening in the middle if you are smart enough to look for it and not be a dork like me.I used one of these at the end of a long work day,my face greasy,gross and grimy and still having gunky makeup left. ONE wipe took off my base,my mascara,etc. ALL OF IT. I followed up with toner and a cotton ball to make sure and not one bit of residual makeup showed up on the cotton ball. And,even better my face did not feel tight or dry. It felt just right. If I was traveling and this was all I had to use,I would be happy! My skin is older and very finicky about being dry after cleansing. For these towelettes to not leave it dry and tight,seems pretty amazing.This is a product I would not only buy,I would buy it for other people. This is what I'm going to take to friends in the hospital! I love these. I have a trip coming up next month and I saved these wipes to take with me,it will eliminate about a pound of cleansers out of my bag!GOOD JOB POND'S!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love these face wipes they are simply the best and they smell so so good! This does not take the place of washing your face but they are great for a quick clean before a workout I use face wipes quite frequently.  I'll admit that I am lazy and hate washing my face at the end of the day because the water makes such a mess.  These wipes are simple to use and are by far the best wipes that I have encountered - they take off everything and leave my face feeling super clean.  I love that they are textured - it almost feels like they exfoliate a bit when using them.  My skin is pretty sensitive and these do not dry it out or irritate it at all.  Will continue to use this brand. I cannot get enough of these sort of cleansers. I love the fact that you don't have to use water. You just wipe the dirt and grime away and toss the towelette. It's perfect for those nights when you're exhausted and can barely drag yourself to bed. If you keep these on or in your nightstand you'll be able to wash the dirt away without going through the entire routine.I've tried so many different towelettes by different companies and found that this one has the best scent.I would have preferred the towelette to be a bit more textured or beaded than what it is just to help scrub more dirt out. I even prefer that in my cream washes as well. I feel like a little bit of grit helps me feel more like I'm cleaning and less like I'm just covering my face.For me it doesn't leave a filmy feeling or residue. I do feel clean after using this. I wouldn't use it in the morning and at night,I'd want to use a regular face wash but for once a day or when you're in a rush these work perfectly. I also feel like it doesn't dry out my skin. Although,I would still use this with a moisturizer if you so choose.I'm very happy with these. I'll more than likely get them again. I even want to try some of their other Luminous products. Being in the beauty industry,i have free access to tons of wipes,all brands. So I wasn't expecting much with this new product from Ponds. Kaolin as a marketing claim? whatever. it's just clay and helps sop up grease and oil. No biggie. But the real star of this wipe is the open-weave cloth. It acts as a washcloth to remove and degunk all the grease,makeup,and most importantly -- dead skin cells and helps "scrape" everything clean off your face,albeit gently.Olay/Ponds had a textured wipe several years back ---but it was scratchy and felt awful on the skin. This fabric is much more natural and more effective at removing makeup than a traditional wipe.Think about it,would you rather use a washcloth to get your face clean,or a flat cotton pad? Which one has more texture to rid your face of residue?This cloth defied all my expectations. The only thing is,it's not the greatest at mascara removal. You would need something a little more heavy-duty (i.e. Neutrogena wipes,or Mark. by Avon wipes). but the residue-free,non-tightened feel on my skin was so worth it! I felt as if i had exfoliated AND removed makeup at the same time!Highly recommended. I've tried several face wipes and this is my favorite kind by far. I'm not sure how to describe what is good about it,it's more what it isn't. For instance,I tried &" "&#34;Yes to&" "&#34; cucumber and grape ones and they both were heavily scented. The Ponds face wipes are either not scented or are a clean fresh smell,like baby powder or linen,so I don't feel like I'm putting on a fake fragrance and smelling it on my face afterwards. Plus Ponds has this &" "&#34;quilted&" "&#34;  thing going on (I compare it to the quilted toilet paper or paper towel) that really feel like it is catching more dirt then a flat towelette. I usually take my eye make-up off with coco butter or baby powder Vaseline (grandma's trick) and then follow it up with one of these. Turns out I've been leaving mascara on and I never knew,because the Ponds has been picking it up. I don't wear makeup so can't speak to how well these towelettes do with makeup removal.  I suspect they work quite well,because my face feels very clean after using them.  I moisturize after but don't really need to,as the towelettes aren't drying out my skin.The towelette has texture,they're not too wet (you won't need a towel after),and the scent is very light.As for "luminous",it's too soon to tell.  At my age,I'll settle for clean without drying. So soft on my skin. Gets makeup out of my pores. I liked these facial towelettes because they left my skin feeling not only clean,but smooth. There's no stickiness,as is a film was left behind as it is drying,either. There's not much of a scent,which is what I prefer.The only thing I did not like about it was the actual towelette. The towelette itself is like lace with openings. This is supposed to make it textured,but I found it too thin.Overall,a nice towelette to clean your face when you don't want or need to deep clean. I've now found a new product that I can love.I have combination dry and oily skin,so I have to be careful what skin products I use or it will either over dry my skin or leave it too oily. I opened the package and started using this product and was surprised that they worked and they kept my skin moist and soft but not oily. I also use them to clean off eye makeup,though that is spotty and I end up using regular eye makeup remover.The packages are simple: open,take out a cloth just like you do a Kleenex pack and wipe off the makeup off your face. Once done,just toss in the trashcan. Couldn't be any simpler or cheaper than if I went to a professional .Will I buy these again? Definitely. I can see them being very useful while traveling to clean off makeup. Don't have to contend with sinks or washcloths that really don't work.  If you like something that is easy to use,then you've found it. These work great,just as I expected them to do,and are such a bonus to have along on a trip.  So convenient,and so effective. I used to use a separate make up remover (Pond's cold cream) AND a facial cleanser AND a toner to (psychologically) assure myself that my face was 100% clean.  I decided  to try these just by themselves because i was feeling like my nighttime cleansing routine was too time consuming.  I was amazed at how well these work.  I've tried many other towelettes before but have always been disappointed.  These do not disappoint.  First of all,the towelettes are thick and grip to my hands so they don't slip around while I'm washing my face.  These are the ONLY towelettes of the many I've tried that don't disappoint right out of the package by slipping around on my face.  Secondly,these towelettes remove all traces of makeup.  My face feels clean,soft, and moisturized.  I still follow up with toner and moisturizer but the time it takes me to complete my nighttime routine has decreased by half.  I added up the time I saved in one week by using these towelettes and it was a out 40 minutes!  Wow,what could I do with 40 free minutes a week?! I use facial wipes daily to remove makeup and have used a number of brands with varying levels of effectiveness.  Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes work better than all of them! The textured cloth does wonders and really gets into the skin to remove makeup and oil.  Very pleased to discover this product and will be purchasing them in the future in lieu of the other brands. This is not the first Ponds product I have used over the years.  I have tried their other towelettes,all of which are great for removing makeup and dirt from your face.  I noticed the texture of the cloth with this particular product was a lot more softer than the ones I have used in the past.I love all the Ponds towelette products,and I think people will like these based on their personal taste in scents and sensitivity to one's skin.  This specific item I think has the softest feel to it compared to the other Ponds towelettes I have used in the past.I use this every night to take off my makeup.  I have noticed in the past that if you are not  careful about "sealing" the opening after taking one out,the towelettes will dry up.  My only complaint on these products is the seal,but other than that I  highly recommend them. These are nicely textured cloths that leave your skin clean and refreshed but not feeling tight or uncomfortable. Great for travel,camping,the gym,or daily makeup removal. The fabric is sturdy and the packaging is convenient -- there's a handy flap that recloses tightly so the cloths stay in good condition. The scent is a bit medicinal,but not unpleasant. This is a nice,simple product that does its job. I was told not to wear makeup in our latest theatrical production. But Ryan offered to try this product so I might give this review. He wears eyeliner on his brows and mustache and loves the way these towlettes clean the makeup away after each show. I was running low on the Neutrogena towelette / make up remover clothes that I normally use then this deal presented itself so I took the opportunity to try a different product.  I'm glad I did.  The towelettes I was using previously left my face feeling very dry and I had to immediately re-moisturize after using them,these don't feel as harsh on my skin and so far also leave my skin feeling soft in addition to clean,I definitely like them. I love these.  I am prone to breakouts,and these haven't caused acne for me!  I actually like them better than the the Pond's Luminous Clean Daily Exfoliating Cleanser which is impressive since towelette-style cleansers usually dry out my skin or cause breakouts.  The scent is lovely,the texture is pleasing,and the packaging is well-designed (it easily stands up in the medicine cabinet).  I'll be getting these again! I've tried numerous facial cleansing cloths,but this one is the VERY BEST!! I'm sold on it! The cloths are large,unlike some brands that you have to use 2+ to clean your face and eye makeup. It also has plenty of the cleansing solution,and you don't have to rinse it off with water. The best thing is that it contains some clay,so that it &" "&#34;sucks&" "&#34; out all of the grime that gets into your pores. I can actually feel it working. It doesn't dry my skin out at all; my face feels SO clean after I use this product. I really believe this is THE BEST facial cleansing cloth ever. I haven't used any other brand since I found this one. It is a good bargain,too. I have mature very dry skin and it is also sensitive! Love these towelettes,they are not drying in the least and leave your skin so soft!! Hard to find products that do that anymore! Great Find!! I love these. Some evenings after a long day at work and school,I get home late and am too exhausted to spend all kinds of time removing makeup. Makeup removal is a snap using these towelettes. And these particular towelettes have a very pleasant scent.I highly recommend these. This is the first time I have used the Pond's Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes.  I have sensitive skin so have always used products that are gentle to my skin.  I tried these and they are soft and gentle on my skin.  I haven't had any breakouts from using them which is a plus for me.  My skin doesn't feel like I've scrubed with a brillo pad leaving my face red. These towelettes clean my makeup off leaving my face feeling clean.  I like these so well that I am going to place an order for more.  They work well for me and hope they will work the same for you. I love these towelettes.  These do an incredible job of cleaning off makeup.  I wear some pretty thick mascara sometimes and I find that these towelettes do the job.  I also like how they smell,their scent isn't too strong,but rather they have a very nice and pleasant smell.  I love that these towelettes are fairly thick and of a good size,you don't worry if you are going to run out of a towelette before you run out of makeup.  These are some of the better towelettes that I have tried.  Perfect for when you don't want to wash your face the traditional way. You can always count on Ponds for quality and affordability I use these as a makeup remover or as a convenient non liquid for your carry on to keep your skin moist during a flight. Always performs.  :-) The Pond's name is almost synonymous with cold cream which is the first thing I think of when I think of waterless makeup removal,so I was eager to try these Pond's wet towelettes.I was not disappointed. The Pond's towelettes do a good job of removing makeup--even eye makeup. They don't leave a greasy residue and they don't dry out my skin.I consider myself to be a soap and water girl but I usually keep makeup remover towelettes on hand for occasional use. I've used several brands including Olay and Philosophy and several generics like CVS and Walgreens. The Pond's towelettes do a better job of makeup removal than most of the ones I've tried although there is not a whole lot of difference in how they work. However,the real beauty of these is in the texture of the fabric. They have a diamond weave that does a good job of cleaning without feeling rough or scratchy. The towelettes also seem to be thicker and a much better quality than others I've used. They hold up very well and have a luxurious feel. I was using regular antibacterial soaps and my hands were always dry and chapped and cracked until my dermatologist recommended using Cetaphil products and changing detergents (free and clear),changing creams (sensitive skin and fragrance free only). Now,my hands are clean and moisturized. This soap (and Cetaphil products for that matter) are awesome! You'll notice the difference right away. just as it says a gentle cleansing bar without soap - therefore no soap film and does not dry skin Being thirty,I have tried everything for my combination sometimes dryer in the winter skin! I am prone to breakouts even before that time of the month. I am even more prone to breakouts when using harsh cleansers or even changing products to frequently. In the past year I have received four big cystic acne bumps and I am still trying to recoup from the scarring. After reading all of the better reviews about Cetaphil products and googling at the Cetaphil products at my local drugstore but opting for the fancier more expensive,well known facial cleansers - I am here to say that Cetaphil is the one brand that I trust most when it comes to my face and the rest of my bod! Being more concerned with my somewhat sensitive skin (After stepping out of the shower and sudsing my face with yet another harsh cleanser or even my shower bar of soap,my face was beet RED!) I have read that using a benzoyl peroxide zit cream or even benzoyl peroxide as an ingredient in a cleanser will kill that bacteria on your face which that nasty bacteria can lead to breakouts! So when I spotted this bar of cleanser that stated it was antibacterial (without benzoyl peroxide which on the bad side will cause early signs of aging on your skin - Bleh!!!) I have tested and tried it,even sometimes alternating with Cetaphil facial cleanser and what a difference! My skin this past week has never been in such better shape nor clearer! I am sticking to this and for 4 bucks I recommend trying it out for those of you who are prone to breakouts and cystic acne. Give it a shot like I did you may never go back to your regular acne cleanser! Cetaphil Antibacterial Gentle Cleansing Bar is indeed the optimum choice for my problem skin.This pH balance non-soap cleansing bar is a super gentle all over body wash. I even use it on my face in lieu of shaving cream - it's that soothing!  The antibacterial ingredient - triclosan,also helps protect my freshly shaved face.CONS:This stuff's priceyCetaphil Antibacterial Cleansing Bar is very soft and it melts away quickly once it's under the shower stream.TIP: To reduce wastage of this pricey cleansing bar,don't lather up under the shower,lather up your washcloth instead and store your Cetaphil Cleansing Bar away from the shower (I keep mine in a covered soap dish).Shop around on Amazon ... this product offers a few buying choices.Hope my review was helpful ... Jeffrey A. (Jeff)