 I've always used Dove soap bars,they have a beautiful look and ergonomic feel. My skin tends to dryness,so I steer clear of fragrance. I thought I'd try this sensitive skin formula in a liquid form. It's okay,I didn't notice anything remarkably different about my skin. The bottle is almost too large for a standard shower,and heavy,so when your hands are wet,be careful not to drop it which is easy to do given the smooth shape of the bottle,there's no way to grip it firmly. Most annoyingly,you can never get the last bit of soap out of this style bottle and wrestling the cap off is nearly impossible. I love Dove products. I've used their soap,body wash and deodorant for years. I've always loved that their soaps helped keep my skin moisturized rather than drying it out.  However,this body wash didn't seem to do that. When I used it I was surprised to find that it felt waxy and left a residue (like some other brands).  My favorite Dove body wash is the Visible care line.Dove Creme Body Wash,Visible Care Toning,18 Ounceand I'll stick with it.  I wouldn't buy this one again. This is a BIG bottle of body wash by Dove. It lathers great,cleans great,smells...ugh. I was surprised to see that it is actually unscented,because it smelled slightly medicinal to me. It did make my skin soft &" "& great for sensitive skin. I'm sure it's unscented because it is for sensitive skin. Overall,it's ok,but other body washes I like much better. Dove body wash is my brand of choice,but I usually buy the deep moisture kind instead of the Sensitive skin type.  I like the scent of the deep moisture a lot better than the scent of the sensitive skin.  Both have a rich,thick lather and moisturize well.  I usually buy sensitive skin products,but I have not had any trouble from the deep moisture variety. So I will go back to buying the deep moisture type since they are essentially the same except for the scent. The Dove body wash for sensitive skin is a very good product. It lathered nicely in hard water. It is very moisturizing. I was surprised at how nicely moisturized my skin was after I dried off. It really is great on sensitive skin. It did not irritate  freshly shaved legs.The only downsides are the scent. It is supposedly unscented but definitely has a scent. It is not a particularly appealing one. At the risk of being indelicate,it takes a bit of extra washing to get rid of smelly armpits. In my opinion there is nothing "stand out" about this body wash. Will it get you clean? Yes,will it make you smell? Yes,there is a scent in the body wash but it isn't over powering. I won't be buying this one again and will instead be sticking with theDove Men + Care Body and Face Wash,Fresh Awake,18 Ounce (Pack of 2). This product is disappointingly marketed as being for sensitive skin and is "unscented." One of the most common ingredients in personal care products that causes irritation is fragrance. This product is NOT fragrance free. It has "unscented" fragrance. And the smell is quite strong. Particularly once it warms up in the shower. The "unscented" smell is way too powerful for me. Overall the formulation seems nice. It's thick and foams adequately,but it's not something truly suited for those with really sensitive skin. I like the Dove body wash,since it lathers up nicely,and it is soothingly refreshing while its nutrium moisture provides a pleasant shower experience. However,an hour afterward,and though not visible,my skin feels as if it has a bit of a dry,soap-like,Dove-scented film on it - perhaps the feel of clean?It does its job,but I just feel a little dry is all. This could be a good thing for the upcoming Summer heat we'll be having - if so I'll come back to boost its rating by one more star. This body wash is great for sensitive skin and has no fragrances added to it. Does a good job keeping my skin hydrated as well. The only downside for me is that it is very lathery. While I think most people enjoy their body washes being very bubbly,I don't..Good product for sensitive skin that needs some hydration. If you like frothy body wash,then this is the product for you. I love bath and body products and enjoy trying different soaps,washes,etc.This one was mediocre. The scent was very soapy and unremarkable. If you're just looking for a basic body wash for sensitive skin,you might be happy with this one. But if you're into exotic,luxurious bath products,this one will disappoint. This is your standard body wash. It is supposed to moisturize your skin as you wash. I did not notice any deep moisturizing when I used it. It actually made me itch and gave me drier skin. I have used many different Dove products for years,and I've always been very pleased with them,but this isn't my favorite product.  First,although I am not sensitive to fragrance,I should point out that this product does contain fragrance,despite the bottle claiming that it is "unscented."  I will say that the fragrance is not very strong,and I don't find it overwhelming,but overly sensitive people may.  This shower gel is supposed to offer "Deep Moisture" and while my dry,"winter" skin did feel moisturized when I got out of the shower,that feeling didn't last long,and I was going back to apply lotion.  The gel did lather well,and I do feel "clean" after using it.  Overall,for a product that is labeled as "unscented" and having "deep moisture," I feel that Dove fell short with this product.  I believe that it is a good shower gel,but it is not outstanding as far as moisturizing is concerned,and the "unscented" labeling may mislead consumers.  I think in the future I will stick to other Dove products that I have liked better. I like Dove,I really do. I've always associated with it something pure and gentle. I was excited about Dove Nutrium Moisture body wash; but this time,it missed the mark.I know Nutrium Moisture is unscented for the sensitive folks,but unscented means no added scents. That doesn't mean I can't smell what's left. I wouldn't call it odoriferous,it's just not pleasant. After many years of bombardment by advertisements,I have come the conclusion that body washes are supposed to be pleasant.Other than that,I do feel clean afterward,even if I don't smell like wildflowers or strawberry banana. For those who only care about the practical aspects of a product, there is nothing wrong with the Dove Body Wash.  I use the citrus scented one and I love it. Unfortunately, I have gotten used to using body washes that smell great,and this one is not it.  I am going to guess that this is the Dove Body Wash that is marketed towards those who want something plain,but the problem is the "plain scent" to me is actually almost nauseating.  A lightly scented soap may still have a hint of vanilla,perhaps.  I'd rather use a bar of soap,I think,than to use this specific non-scented version.  I am going to guess this is something my husband would be fine showering with,because body washes with fruity scents annoy him... Held in a tall,oval-shaped bottle,this Dove Body Wash with nutrium moisture could best be described as utilitarian but solid soap,an economical cleansing product for the masses. That classic,sweetish smell that comes from Dove's bars of soap is just as pleasant in liquid form; it's a refreshing scent that never goes out of style.Overall,this is a no-frills,thick white moisturizing soap that smells great and gets the job done. Having used Dove soap for years,I was a little disappointed with the body wash. It doesn't have quite the same fresh scent,which I love so much about Dove soap. I wouldn't necessarily recommend the body wash for fans of the soap. I've been a fan of Lubriderm for many years but  decided I'd give this a try. Vaseline Intensive Rescue is described as unscented. While it doesn't have a perfumed fragrance,it does have a slight petroleum odor not unlike Vaseline Petroleum Jelly. I find the odor unpleasant. The lotion spreads easily and absorbs well into my legs and arms which tend to be drier. It does keep my legs looking smooth and I don't have the flakiness that is normal in winter. On my chest and back I feel stickiness hours after application,which I find unpleasant. It's also caused some clogged pores. For me,the product will be used on my legs but I'll return to Lubriderm as a general body lotion. This moisturizer works pretty well. It absorbs fine and is not greasy,but don't know that it's really more "intensive" than regular body lotion. I wanted unscented because I don't like perfumey fragrances,but this one has a slightly unpleasant smell to it. ... but this is pretty good lotion for the price.  It has a pleasant fragrance and doesn't hang around in a greasy kind of way.  Other than that,well - it's lotion. It seems a lot of reviewers either love or hate this lotion,not a lot in between (except for me).  My take on it after using it is that if you have severely dry skin,this might be a good option for you as it does seem to "last" and form a bit of a protective barrier as opposed to other moisturizers (which I prefer) that soak in and leave skin moist but do not form a barrier.  After putting this on your hands,10 mins later you still feel that it's there and it feels just &" "&lt;slightly> greasy/oily (despite the label which says "non-greasy lotion".  It is less greasy than Vaseline Intensive Care (the old classic lotion).Having said all of that... I much prefer Aveeno Oatmeal moisturizer....Aveeno Active Naturals Daily Moisturizing Lotion,18 Ouncewhich has a very gentle scent and really permeates the skin without leaving a lot of residue and "grease."  Regarding fragrance,I applied the Vaseline about 15 mins ago and I still smell it... while it's "unscented" there is definitely some sort of odor or scent... my nose "knows" it's there!  With Aveeno there's a light oatmeal scent and then it's gone moments later.  I prefer the latter.Hope this helps. I most regularly use Windrift Hill Goat's Milk Unscented lotion,so my review will be comparing the Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion to my experience with the Windrift Hill lotion.With the Windrift Hill lotion,you don't need much to cover a lot of body,it doesn't have a fragrance AT ALL,it soaks in well,doesn't leave a greasy feeling after,it lasts well throughout the day and overnight,and doesn't feel heavy on the skin.Comparing this to the Vaseline lotion: the Vaseline lotion does have a very slight scent to it,it basically smells ever so slightly like all Vaseline lotion products smell,but it's not as bad as other brands (I'm looking at you,Jergen's!). As far as coverage goes,I need a bit more than I do when using the Windrift Hill lotion,but again,it's not bad. Soaking into the skin: while this product does soak into the skin,it still leaves a "heavier" feeling on my skin than the goat's milk lotion. As far as lasting goes,it seems to last well throughout the day and overnight,and it doesn't feel like you're washing it off when you take a shower/bath.Overall,3/5 stars. I still prefer my goat's milk lotion,but this is a good,cheaper alternative. Let's face it. Lotion is a part of life...well at least for this African-American family of 6. We seem to go through it like water. So given the chance to try Vaseline Total Moisture Body Lotion,I was thinking two things: 1. I will get a free bottle of lotion that these people can use 2. I will get a free bottle of lotion that these people can use.The lotion moisturizes pretty well I guess. I didn't notice anything out of the ordinary and honestly my children who lotion themselves came back ashy after a few hours (probably due to their inadequate application techniques) but ashy nonetheless. So as far as lotion this is just run of the mill in my opinion.The bright side to this lotion is THERE IS NO FRAGRANCE. I HATE the lotions now with their overpowering scents!!!!!! (can you tell I am not a fan of fragrant lotions)Lastly,I am not crazy about the pumps that Vaseline uses. I have used this and other types of Vaseline body lotions and they cannot pass the kid pump test. What's the kid pump test? That is when the lotion is not completely full,but not completely empty and an adult would know to maybe shake it up a bit or bang a bit,but a kid will continue to pump and pump and pump,much like a person presses the elevator button thinking it's coming faster. Well their pumps do not hold up to much of that. So we end up having to unscrew and fish lotion out with the pumper wand. Crazy Annoying!!So if you are an adult,are not an overly dry person,this may be the perfect lotion for you. I would not purchase this if given the choice mainly because of the inadequate pumps. Vaseline Intensive Rescue Repairing Moisture Lotion,Fragrance Free,20.3-Ounce Pump (Pack of 3) for $23.00 is a bit overprice for a pack of three. I have extremely dry skin and this lotion gave me for for an hour before I had to reapply. I do appreciate the fact it is fragrance free and has a pump. Personally,I recommend buying one container first at your local grocery or drug store to see how it works for you. I have several dry patches that require thick lotions for moisturization. I usually use the thicker variants of Curel and Lubriderm. I was hoping that this product would perform similarly,but for a cheaper price. The good news is that it's stronger than most standard lotions; certainly moisturizes better than most Vaseline standard lotions. However,it's not as effective as Curel and Lubriderm and isn't that much cheaper. I'd recommend those lotions over this one. Maybe it's fragrance-free in that it has no additional fragrance,other than it's 'natural' scent. But,it has a scent,and I find it rather unpleasant.It's also kind of thin/watery,and although it absorbed quickly,I noticed a stickiness that lingered.It's not something I'd buy,and in comparison to other products from Lubriderm and Aveeno,the repackaged Vaseline lotion is sub-par. I bought this product for only a few bucks,the coverage is okay but it doesnt last all day. But for the price that it was it was iT COVERS REAL NICE.  IT LASTS A LONG TIME. I WOULD HIGHLY SUGGEST THIS ITEM FOR ANYONE LOOKING FOR FACE MAKEUP Sand beige,online it looked medium fair,but its dark..really dark.  I have to return it and hope they are nice about it.But this is the first time,since I order most make up online,that there is such a descrepancy between the color shown,and the color that arrived.  I want to add,the make up and bottle is nice,but the color is so dark,I cannot use it.  That has nothing to do with the fact however,that the make up would be fine I'm sure for someone else. I did not use it,I saw it,opened the lid,and clealy using it would be foolish.  It really is too dark for me.  It arrived in a timely manner,I should add that,it also is in fine condition,the label,the bottle etc.  I wish there was a way to really tell a bit closer what color it really is.  Thats what Im discourage about.  I have bought make up online before,so again,this time,it was so light in appearance online that I felt it would work.  Thanks for getting the product to me right away,it was a bargain  at 4.01,but unfortunately color is not a match for me.  It has to go back. I also wish they would put some sort of packaging on the bottle,so the lid would not be loose as well,perhaps some plastic to keep it closed,and tight knowing that it was not tampered with either.  I wss also sent an email to not place this reviews and only allowed to review the seller and packaging? I see reviews on products all the time,the color on this was dark,not just a bit off,but a lot so beward. Color is great. It might be a great product had it not arrived in a used like condition. Seriously,whats the point of a review if its going to be unfairly deleted? This was my experience. If anyone wants a bottle of makeup that can honestly be questionable...Ill dig it outta the trash for you. Its not going on my face. If I were happy w product Id say so. I'm not. Theres makeup on the side of the bottle. It doesnt look like it poured out from the top. What am I supposed to think and why send a lil glass bottle of foundation in a bubble mailer to begin w? Theres better ways of sending off products.UPDATE: Im going to change my stars for this product.  Sometime after my review seller apologized and sent me a brand new product. For their effort in correcting the situation,they deserve props. Color of make up looks great. Thank you! Wore it to work today and three people said my skin looked great. Which is weird because nobody ever notices my skin. All the reviews for this product makes it sound magical. Ito does make my skin soft and smooth,but it isn't anything amazing. It doesn't really improve the condition of my skin. It just keeps it moisturized.The best moisturizer i've used so far is the Olay 7-in-1 cooling hydrating moisturizer. AMAZING. And oil free too. The beauty fluid has mineral oil. I don't understand why so many products that contain oil claims to not clog pores. Oil clogs pores. period. Only plus side to this one is that it is very affordable.Most of the reviews mention their moms and grandmas. Since then,the product has changed,and so if you are reviewing the product because your mom or grandma had no wrinkles,they were using a different formula with the same name.I give this product four stars because: it is affordable. It is a high quality product. Hasn't clogged my pores (yet). Smells ok,though I would order the scentless,colorless one in the future. Makes my skin silky smooth. Hydrates.Cons: doesn't improve condition of my skin. (wish it contained vitamin E or something)EDIT: Ignore what I have written above,except for the fact that this moisturizer is overrated. In year 2013,I've learned sooo much about skincare. The best moisturizer is the Cerave moisturizing lotion,which contains ceramides,which help the skin repair itself. It is wayyy more affordable than this Olay stuff,and wayyy better. It is scentfree,color free,and contains hyalauronic acid and ceramides.Also,if you want to prevent/reduce wrinkles,get something with retinol in it! Make sure that the packaging doesn't expose the product to air or light. I bought this on sale so I decided to give it a try - as a skin cream it seems fine - however I used up a whole bottle and there were no visible signs of lifting the skin as advertised - unless the lift is microscopic - and if so who cares - I want lift that I can see - so then I tried Walmart's own brand for $5.00 and I like it better - now I am sure there still will be no visible lifting with this product either - but then what would the cosmetic surgeons do if there really was a miracle product out there.  In all fairness I am 67 so I would really need a miracle product.  Anyway I mix this with Now Almond Oil on Amazon for about $10.00 for 16 oz. This does a better job of moisturizing and saves money to boot. I also mix almond oil with body lotions for better hydration. It is an okay under makeup moisturizer,but I can't say that I notice any difference I the &" "&#34;ultra-lift claim&" "&#34;. I like this okay but I am not seeing it as such a 'GREAT' thing that I am going to want to use all the time. Its ok but would not buy again Good product but it did cause a rash. Probably because I am allergic to most products. Worth a try if you don't have sensitive skin. I'm not always as good about taking care of my skin as I should be. Sometimes I'm just too tired at night to do much. What I like about these cleansing cloths is that they are extremely easy to use. They leave my skin feeling clean and smooth. The product doesn't leave my skin feeling irritated in the slightest. The only thing that slightly concerns me is that the towelette looks pretty clean when I'm through with it. I don't wear a lot of make-up,but I do wear some,and I'd like a little more visual evidence that it is off my skin. However,like I said before,my skin does look and feel clean. I prefer to carry towelettes when I travel rather than tubes or bottles of creams and liquids.  They are less weighty,less messy,and can be tucked about anywhere in the luggage,including carry on.  However,when making the purchase check for use on your personal skin type to assure you will have the results you wish.  I have particularly sensitive skin and this product did not feel particularly good on my face.  Otherwise,it was a good product for my need. Previously,I was using Equate (Wal-mart) brand cleansing/makeup removing cloths (compare to Noxema),but I put them aside to try the Ponds for a week. It is fine to remove foundation and eye shadow,but it was inferior to the Wal-Mart wipes at removing my waterproof mascara. Since this is what I most am interested in removing,I have to give this product 3 stars. The Equate brand makes me work for it,but it does eventually remove the mascara,where Ponds wipes only smudged it. Meh. These wipes are great at cleansing and makeup removal. They are thick and very moist. The texture gives light exfoliation and my skin is left feeling clean but not tight and dry. However...The fragrance is very strong -flowery and perfumey rather than a "clean " type scent. The fragrance is also very long -lasting. I can still smell it on my hands and face hours after use.If pond 's made an unscented version of these I 'd use them daily but this fragrance is a big turn off for me. I have used lots of brands of moist wipes for makeup removal,typically getting the least expensive brand available or whatever is on sale. So,I have lots of comparisons to go on.These Pond's wipes are definitely unique,but not necessarily in a good way. The squares are about the same size as other brands,but they are are far thinner with a rougher texture. You can actually see through them where they are "quilted" and they have a scratchy feel to them.Virtually every other brand I have used (Neutrogena,CVS,Olay,etc.) have been thick and soft,easily taking off all makeup with one cloth. The Ponds is a bit too harsh for my liking around the eyes,and perhaps because they are thinner,they did not remove as much,so I really required two for the same effect as other brands.All wipes tend to have a fairly strong scent,and whether or not you will like it is very subjective. The Ponds brand was pleasant enough.Price-wise,they are not really a great value,since I would use two sheets in the place of one sheet of another brand for virtually the same price.These Luminous Towelettes are just not as pampering as I prefer. I received the Ponds Luminous Clean Wet Towelettes through the Vine program. I used the towelettes to remove my make up at the end of the day. There is a distinct fragrance to the towelettes so if that bothers you you may not like them. It is not overpowering or unplesant. I noticed when I had the towelette in my hand it felt like it had soap on it,like a bath towel feels when all the detergent has not rinsed out. I didn't have a hard time removing my make up but when I went back over my face with my toner,there was still a lot of make up residue coming off my face on the cotton pad. So I do not think these towelettes do a good enough job of removing a full face make up. My skin did feel soft afterwards but like I said I still had make up residue on my face and that's just not going to cut it for me.  I have not had this problem with other facial towelettes that I have used in the past. So I am only giving this product three stars,I would probably use them if I was not wearing make up and wanted to give my face a pick me up. To be blunt,my first reaction when I opened this package was that they smelled like some kind of scented tampon I had used years ago. That immediately turned me off and I knew I wouldn't buy them again.  They are also the only towelette that has made my sensitive skin react by turning red.  It does make it feel soft,probably because of the kaolin clay.These are rougher in texture as they are made out of a textured fabric.  They don't have little bumps like some styles,just a kind of quilted fabric. It would feel good for a morning wake-up wipe.My favorite,and I have tried a variety of towelettes,is the basicPOND'S Original Fresh Wet Cleansing Towelettes,30-Count (Pack of 4).  TheirPOND?S Evening Soothe Wet Cleansing Towelettes,30-Count (Pack of 2)andPonds Ponds Wet Cleansing Towelettes Morning Refresh Towelettesare also nice.  I would definitely pass on these unless you are not bothered by the smell. I travel quite frequently and these towlettes come in handy. I use this when I am tired and need to feel fresh. It feels soft and work gently without drying my skin. It has a nice scent and safe to use even when I have my contact lens. I compared with Loreal Skin Genesis Wet Cleansing towelette and I did not find a great deal of difference between the two.1.Loreal Skin Genesis Micro-Smooth Wet Cleansing Towelette 25's2.Garnier Skincare Cleanser The Refreshing Remover Cleansing Towelette3.Olay Sensitive Wet Cleansing Cloths,30-Count (Pack of 2)4.Equate - Facial Cleansing Towelettes,120 Wet Towelettes (Compare to POND's clean sweep) I'm concerned with how much buildup these are going to leave on the skin because:1. They're SO WET. When I rub it on my face,it leaves a trail of sudsy foam. Gross. I prefer Pond's original wet towelettes,which are moist but not dripping wet when you remove them from the package.2. They have an overpowering baby powder scent that I really dislike.Between the foamy wetness and the smell,I end up rinsing my face off with warm water after using these,which is an extra step that people using this type of product are probably trying to avoid. Not sure this this product is helping or not i have been using for over a week. It does make my skin feel very smooth and clean after use so i have hope that it will! The description says they use a non-soap forumlation,but look at the list of ingredients: one of the first ingredients is sodium tallowate -- which is basically a fancy name for soap!