 I was very excited to try this new Dove Body Wash.  I use body washes on a daily basis as part of my showering routine and often have dry skin.  The dryness is worse right now for I live on the east coast and this has been a very cold winter thus drier skin.  My skin can also be sensitive but it usually happens when something irritates it.  I have found a few brands of body wash that I love and get me clean while keeping my body pretty solidly moisturized.  This Dove product is advertised as a skin nourishing wash with a new NutriumMoisture technology.  I did not have high expectations.  I thought it would definitely be as good as the other products I've been using but could possibly be a great addition for when I need more moisturizing on my skin.From the first try I was not happy with this product.  It says it is fragrance free but it has a scent to it that is definitely unpleasant - certainly not a fresh or renewing scent.  At first I thought it was just a standard soap sort of smell but with each use it got more bothersome.  I used this product for 10 days and I can honestly say it added no moisture at all to my skin.  Even a basic body wash does a better job.  My skin got drier than its been in months and the product also caused some minor skin irritation.  After the tenth day I quickly returned to a reliable body wash and had to apply body moisturizer for a couple of days before my skin returned to normal.  In all honesty I have never had a problem like this with any other body wash.  And whenever I've purchased one promising to be a deeper moisturizing formula it always has been.  Never has a product dried out my skin like this.  I got the sensitive skin formula to be on the safe side and am very glad I did.  If this bothered me,imagine what the regular formula may have done.  I used to love Dove products but was very disappointed with this body wash. Fragrance is one of the leading ingredients in body care to which people are sensitive. In fact,many people,myself included,that have few other sensitivities are sensitive to fragrance.I read the comments &" "& products review carefully before choosing this product. Even the ingredients listed in the product page do not list fragrance. I bought it even though several of the reviews noted that it was scented. These same reviews appeared on the page for the scented version of the product,so I thought I'd chance it.Because I have very dry skin,I was excited about a non-scented moisturizing body wash.In fact it smells like plain old Dove soap. The scent was very strong on opening the bottle. IN SPITE OF THE FACT THAT "UNSCENTED" IS PROCLAIMED ON THE FRONT LABEL."Shame on the makers of Dove for pulling this stunt. A truly unscented or fragrance-free version of the body wash would be welcome.Shame on Amazon for allowing them to put misleading information that can affect people's health on the product page. I love Dove products,and used  them on my children when they were babies.  I use Dove now.  So I was surprised and disappointed in this product.  I know it is for sensitive skin and is hypo-allergenic,therefore,mild.  However,this product is so mild that I did not feel clean.  This is due to the very light fragrance and thin feel of the soap.  I "know" it is cleaning me,but I keep using more,just to be sure.  No one wants to come out of the shower confused.  So,although I believe in this company's products,I won't be buying this one....jodie marino nachison,spouse. Left a bad residue smell on you after you used it. I use dove all the time but forvsome reason this product just left the worst smelk on your body afterwards I'm not into smelly product.  Even things like Dove that has a fairly neutral scent.  The smell from this product is still on my skin 12 hours later.  YUCK--  did not bother my skin at all--  lather was so so (not overly sudsy however not as strong a lather as I would like)would have given it 3 or 4 starts except for the lasting scent...  But the scent just annoys me.  Feel the need to take another shower with something that won't leave a lasting scent. This is my second Olay lotion. I used it for about a month. This item doesn't adequately moisturize and is greasy for my combination skin. It makes my dry cheeks greasy and I don't need that. I only dab a tiny amount all over face and gently rub in. A few hours later it looks like I took a bath in an oil spill. So gross.However,it works well for my mom,who has normal skin.I have since tried Mario Badescu Seaweed Night Cream,and I highly recommend that for oilier skin types. That stuff truly soaks in my skin,and leaves it velvety and smooth.I really wanted to like this but sorry to say I will never buy another Olay product. This lotion is very irritating to my skin.  I remembered not liking this lotion but couldn't remember why,until I put some on my arms as a test. It began to sting right away.  It was still stinging after I washed it off.  I was really surprised because I do not have sensitive skin at all,including my face.  Even with other Oil of Olay products.  I really don't understand the high rating.  It must bother others.  I do not care for the fragrance either. Caused break-outs after the first use. I guess it makes a good body moisturizer. Waste of money. Will not buy again. I'm a long time user of Neutrogena Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes and I have tried some other brand but I always go back to Neutrogena. In this case the towelettes are this odd almost netted material that feels rough on my sensitive skin. They are also not very effective in removing makeup,especially eye makeup as I'd have to &" "&#34;scrub&" "&#34; my eye area with this rough towelette which is very unpleasant and then I'd still have makeup on accompanied by my now raw feeling skin. My other issue is the packing doesn't seal so they are left to dry out and become useless. I tried taping over the seal with tape with no luck.I will be going back to the Neutrogena Makeup Remover Cleansing Towelettes as they are more effective,cheaper,and more pleasant to use overall. These towelettes come out of the package very wet,which,in the winter,equates to very cold. Because they're so wet,there's a lag time before you can do anything else with your face because you have to wait for it to dry. Instead of feeling clean,I feel like something's been left on my face and I need to wash it off. They are heavily scented. Even after I washed my hands,I could still smell the scent on them. Despite all that,I used them several times and didn't find any benefit over using soap and water. They may be convenient,but that doesn't make up for the negatives. I really have only one complaint; so far as I can tell,in essentials,this bar cleanser is much the same as it ever was,but I could SWEAR that the bar I used several years ago was fragrance-free. I know I would never have even tried it if it had smelled like this then. I mean,part of the Cetaphil brand's selling point is that its skincare products have no fragrance added to them that would irritate sensitive skin. So why does this Cetaphil product have any fragrance at all?I usually have no problems with lightly-scented skincare products,provided they are only LIGHTLY scented. I'm fortunate not to have sensitive or allergic skin reactions to fragrance ingredients,but I still have to avoid most of them because for me,strong perfumes set off major migraines. Other than that,some of the scents in skincare products are actually quite nice. But this... THIS was like my worst nightmare of every ancient,long-expired bottle of old-lady perfume dumped into a single bar. It's intolerable. I couldn't even just throw it away; it still stunk up the whole bathroom from the bathroom trash can. I ended up taking it straight outside to the dumpster. And I still had to empty the half-full bathroom garbage to get rid of that sickening,cloying,unbearable scent that sparked off a 2-day migraine.Maybe I'm just missing something obvious. I would appreciate it if someone could let me know IF Cetaphil still makes a fragrance-free bar soap/cleanser. I'd like to go back to using an old favorite,but I can't find the "old" favorite.