This product delivers like I thought it would.  I love Dove products anyway and this one certainly did not disappoint.  First of all before even using the shower cleanser I noticed the nice clean smell as I was dispensing it into my hand.  It lasts long enough after my shower for my husband to comment on how clean and nice I smelled.  That's another plus!It left my skin feeling moist but NOT greasy.  This is what I'm looking for when I use a shower product in the winter months.  It's so light on my skin that I think I'll be able to use this one year round.Recommend to buy.  I think you'll be glad you did. I like trying new potions and lotions - you never know what you're going to find. One of the things I have found is that Dove Body Wash is very good. The first things you notice are that it has a nice smell,and that it lathers nicely. It leaves my skin feeling clean and yet soft and moisturized. So far I have had no break outs or any other ill effects from it at all.Yes,I am quite pleased!(Review of Dove Sensitive Skin Body Wash with NutriumMoisture) Dove's products,as we all know,are products that contain a large amount of moisturizing agents.  This body wash is no different.The cream feels like lotion and the scent is barely noticeable.People who frequently use Dove will definitely love this product. So in love with this product that it will be a staple in our house from now on. I've always loved Dove soap for sensitive skin and this is more than the icing on the cake with it being in body wash form. It really does leave your skin soft and supple from use. You wont regret this purchase ; ) I was very excited to try this new Dove Body Wash.  I use body washes on a daily basis as part of my showering routine and often have dry skin.  The dryness is worse right now for I live on the east coast and this has been a very cold winter thus drier skin.  My skin can also be sensitive but it usually happens when something irritates it.  I have found a few brands of body wash that I love and get me clean while keeping my body pretty solidly moisturized.  This Dove product is advertised as a skin nourishing wash with a new NutriumMoisture technology.  I did not have high expectations.  I thought it would definitely be as good as the other products I've been using but could possibly be a great addition for when I need more moisturizing on my skin.From the first try I was not happy with this product.  It says it is fragrance free but it has a scent to it that is definitely unpleasant - certainly not a fresh or renewing scent.  At first I thought it was just a standard soap sort of smell but with each use it got more bothersome.  I used this product for 10 days and I can honestly say it added no moisture at all to my skin.  Even a basic body wash does a better job.  My skin got drier than its been in months and the product also caused some minor skin irritation.  After the tenth day I quickly returned to a reliable body wash and had to apply body moisturizer for a couple of days before my skin returned to normal.  In all honesty I have never had a problem like this with any other body wash.  And whenever I've purchased one promising to be a deeper moisturizing formula it always has been.  Never has a product dried out my skin like this.  I got the sensitive skin formula to be on the safe side and am very glad I did.  If this bothered me,imagine what the regular formula may have done.  I used to love Dove products but was very disappointed with this body wash.